## 12:52:39
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you, and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
## 14:19:31
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
## 12:34:04
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money, much to third world countries (that are questionably run), in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
## 23:31:15
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! https://t.co/WDLkM6VE2T
## 17:22:32
Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
## 23:22:52
#ArmyNavyGame🇺🇸 https://t.co/Yjhq6r6F9h
## 16:01:39
“This is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here. At this late date, after all that we have gone through, after millions have been spent, we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
## 03:58:04
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon, President Trump delivered remarks at the 2018 Project Safe Neighborhoods National Conference where he reinf…
## 18:58:14
....left and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
## 19:07:07
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly, landing now! https://t.co/ByAfESq8aS
## 13:01:56
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30,000,000), NO COLLUSION!
## 18:58:13
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head, as he was saving soldiers....
