## 11:56:54
Does the USA want to be the Policeman of the Middle East, getting NOTHING but spending precious lives and trillions of dollars protecting others who, in almost all cases, do not appreciate what we are doing? Do we want to be there forever? Time for others to finally fight.....
## 11:25:51
“I’m proud of the President today to hear that he is declaring victory in Syria.” Senator Rand Paul.  “I couldn’t agree more with the presidents decision. By definition, this is the opposite of an Obama decision. Senator Mike Lee
## 12:16:38
....Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; many others are not happy about the U.S. leaving, despite what the Fake News says, because now they will have to fight ISIS and others, who they hate, without us. I am building by far the most powerful military in the world. ISIS hits us they are doomed!
## 15:28:54
When I begrudgingly signed the Omnibus Bill, I was promised the Wall and Border Security by leadership. Would be done by end of year (NOW). It didn’t happen! We foolishly fight for Border Security for other countries - but not for our beloved U.S.A. Not good!
## 21:48:15
Democrats, it is time to come together and put the SAFETY of the AMERICAN PEOPLE before POLITICS. Border security must become a #1 priority! https://t.co/Wck6UpQGil
## 22:21:07
....equipment. General Mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of military obligations. A new Secretary of Defense will be named shortly. I greatly thank Jim for his service!
## 19:22:19
So hard to believe that Lindsey Graham would be against saving soldier lives &amp; billions of $$$. Why are we fighting for our enemy, Syria, by staying &amp; killing ISIS for them, Russia, Iran &amp; other locals? Time to focus on our Country &amp; bring our youth back home where they belong!
## 05:17:12
“Trump gets no credit for what he’s done in the Middle East.”  @IngrahamAngle  So true, thank you Laura!
## 20:14:35
Farm Bill signing in 15 minutes! #Emmys #TBT https://t.co/KtSS17xvIn
## 12:39:19
With so much talk about the Wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our Southern Border by Border Patrol, ICE and our great Military. Remember the Caravans? Well, they didn’t get through and none are forming or on their way. Border is tight. Fake News silent!
## 19:16:07
Congress just passed the Criminal Justice Reform Bill known as the #FirstStepAct. Congratulations! This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. When both parties work together we can keep our Country safer. A wonderful thing for the U.S.A.!!
## 11:42:57
Getting out of Syria was no surprise. I’ve been campaigning on it for years, and six months ago, when I very publicly wanted to do it, I agreed to stay longer. Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; others are the local enemy of ISIS. We were doing there work. Time to come home &amp; rebuild. #MAGA
## 12:28:34
The Democrats, who know Steel Slats (Wall) are necessary for Border Security, are putting politics over Country. What they are just beginning to realize is that I will not sign any of their legislation, including infrastructure, unless it has perfect Border Security. U.S.A. WINS!
## 03:30:00
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: It took a British court to reveal it, but more shocking evidence of the REAL "Russian collusion" and it wasn't about @…
## 12:41:08
RT @realDonaldTrump: After historic victories against ISIS, it’s time to bring our great young people home! https://t.co/xoNjFzQFTp
## 05:04:05
Col. Jim Carafano on @IngrahamAngle “Trump has made the Middle East a better place. When Trump came into office, ISIS was running amuck in the Middle East. Over a million refugees poured into Western Europe - none of that is happening today. That’s all due to Trump.”
