## 20:51:14
Today, it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington, D.C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day. https://t.co/9tuNcVcBqe
## 10:58:03
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
## 02:54:10
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's commitment to improving the quality of life for all Americans has led to the largest single decline in dr…
## 02:47:16
RT @planetepics: They are soooo beautiful and magnificent! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
https://t.co/ISn5jo8CcD https://t.co/JcMpQUzIml
## 15:01:31
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
## 02:53:27
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans pay 180 percent of what Europeans, Canadians, and Japanese pay for the exact same drugs!

Our seniors aren't goin…
## 03:23:41
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
## 22:52:11
RT @WhiteHouse: "Every American in every community and from every walk of life has a right to live in security and to live in peace. That i…
## 03:25:44
RT @dbongino: I don’t feel an ounce of empathy for all of the imbeciles who bought into the Russian collusion hoax now that it’s been entir…
