## 03:13:48
Thank you JT! https://t.co/L1HDeXWazc
## 03:23:47
RT @real_defender: @realDonaldTrump Our country is making unprecedented progress thanks to the fact that we finally have a president who is…
## 16:50:51
https://t.co/xRbxknI4Nf
## 01:17:17
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! https://t.co/C3DL5RFfiE
## 03:21:32
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! https://t.co/a5PLSwpJyx
## 12:30:03
Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
## 13:52:18
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
## 15:22:23
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
## 12:21:07
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
## 13:53:35
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
## 02:53:59
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
## 03:26:47
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
## 16:05:01
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
## 03:00:50
Amazing! https://t.co/uUNCL1hPAk
