## 11:36:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and st…
## 15:12:02
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
## 20:17:02
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
## 11:32:45
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
## 11:59:52
RT @IvankaTrump: This Admin is committed to ensuring more Americans have the skills needed to secure better jobs in our strong economy.  I…
## 12:53:02
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
## 11:50:18
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!
## 12:30:55
RT @realDonaldTrump: So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. Bu…
## 20:12:25
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
## 18:50:20
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
## 19:08:57
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
## 15:01:23
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
## 19:08:56
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.
We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
## 11:58:41
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
## 12:40:20
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
## 19:08:55
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
## 12:58:41
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
