## 13:49:13
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
## 21:05:41
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
## 14:13:25
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
## 12:54:33
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
## 12:20:29
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
## 18:56:02
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall https://t.co/TYkj3KRdOC
## 12:07:14
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
## 04:54:56
RT @GeraldoRivera: This is crazy scary. A cabal of unelected bureaucrats-angered &amp; upset that @realDonaldTrump fired their boss-whispered a…
## 12:03:18
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
## 12:44:20
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
