## 11:56:34
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
## 20:34:14
RT @FLOTUS: A beautiful ceremony at @Nicklaus4kids hospital today to celebrate their new changes! I hope the garden nurtures &amp; heals all th…
## 22:26:51
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...https://t.co/hPL5W48Pmg
## 12:29:07
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
## 04:28:34
RT @KimStrassel: Death of a California Dream https://t.co/sBnSecSriX via @WSJOpinion
## 22:30:07
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
## 12:15:27
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....
## 04:21:07
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes @KimStrassel https://t.co/naY9XOxb12 via @WSJ
## 13:29:25
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
## 22:32:53
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
## 20:22:58
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
## 13:02:53
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
