## 13:05:49
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
## 03:37:35
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst –@CLewandowski_ :The media doesn’t want to give @realDonaldTrump the credit for once again exerting American do…
## 03:33:16
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thank you @RonaldWeiser for serving the @MIGOP well and congratulations to my friend and new @MIGOPChair Laura Cox! 
 
I…
## 03:49:32
RT @TomFitton: MASSIVE @JudicialWatch Update:  Lawsuit to Expose Coup Against @RealDonaldTrump, Another FBI Cover-up of potential Clinton e…
## 03:35:24
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! https://t.co/9VoIV3NahE
## 03:56:41
RT @CortesSteve: Was wonderful to meet so many inspiring young patriots last night when I spoke to the ⁦@TPUSA⁩ Latino conference! 

⁦@char…
## 15:02:16
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
## 22:39:17
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......
## 17:27:12
So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
## 00:01:00
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!
## 13:19:19
Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
## 03:40:28
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump delivers more great news for our farmers. https://t.co/ACq0ujTFTS
## 03:40:15
RT @GOPChairwoman: Drug trafficking at our southern border has exploded.

CBP seized nearly 5X as much methamphetamine in 2018 than it did…
## 14:56:08
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
## 04:02:02
RT @seanhannity: **REPORT: “China is proposing that it could buy an additional $30 billion a year of U.S. agricultural products including s…
## 12:58:20
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
## 22:50:14
....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp; China!
## 12:43:52
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!
## 16:51:33
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
