## 16:25:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disba…
## 09:08:03
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
## 15:24:16
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/Wo4C4hsP43
## 07:51:36
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we sho…
## 07:51:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat positi…
## 09:45:59
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!
## 15:38:24
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit https://t.co/J3x6lUGzjS
## 09:20:25
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!
## 07:52:35
RT @IvankaTrump: No I did not. I support a minimum wage. I do not however believe in a minimum guarantee for people “unwilling to work” whi…
## 02:36:29
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
## 07:58:32
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
## 15:36:56
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
## 15:24:14
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/t6egb4Neir
## 02:31:21
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
