## 14:51:59
RT @seanhannity: TRUMP: “Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because t…
## 14:57:08
RT @seanhannity: https://t.co/rhKgdlJt8X
## 21:39:09
RT @dbongino: The corrupt spying operation against Donald Trump’s team is the biggest scandal in political history. Read my new book for th…
## 13:56:24
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
## 00:50:38
North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me, because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
## 14:36:06
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
## 22:02:33
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
## 21:44:42
RT @IngrahamAngle: The #IngrahamAngle goes to El Paso Monday, where I’ll be interviewing @realDonaldTrump.  Tune in! 10p ET @FoxNews
## 22:54:05
Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
## 14:57:57
RT @seanhannity: Adam Schiff, Glenn Simpson and their Forrest Gump-like encounter in Aspen https://t.co/j2lqrxflGH
## 21:28:12
RT @TomFitton: Inside @JudicialWatch: @RealDonaldTrump is first president in a generation to talk honestly about the border crisis.  https:…
## 14:30:36
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
## 00:33:45
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 &amp; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp; advancing the cause of peace!
## 21:34:15
RT @JudicialWatch: JW released State Dept docs showing the Clinton-linked Podesta Group run by Tony Podesta (the brother of John Podesta wh…
## 21:23:44
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@AdamSchiff:

-Meets with Glenn Simpson, who hired Nellie Ohr and Chris Steele and paid for the Dossier
-Doesn’t disclose…
## 23:21:25
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
