## 20:15:20
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
## 13:41:16
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
## 02:05:56
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
## 20:10:15
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/tnuHnw8kll
## 00:01:43
Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. https://t.co/P9d1bpapsd
## 20:13:06
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
## 13:48:08
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp; Russia....
## 13:59:10
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
## 12:23:29
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, &amp; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
## 00:02:51
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
