## 13:03:17
....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp; loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not....
## 12:19:50
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
## 12:19:49
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, &amp; those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
## 13:03:14
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
## 13:03:16
....Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
## 19:50:23
https://t.co/JDS4zUXXJG
## 13:03:18
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp; more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
