## 14:22:52
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
## 20:32:07
Departing for Orlando, Florida with @FLOTUS Melania! https://t.co/EB2ewYArUP
## 14:09:23
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @business
## 04:51:18
Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
## 11:30:23
The Fake News doesn’t report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!
## 16:59:12
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
## 11:21:34
European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
## 23:54:28
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
## 10:53:44
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.
## 05:10:06
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!
## 01:39:40
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
## 02:13:41
The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
## 01:20:39
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!
## 13:39:38
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
