## 19:05:30
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you! https://t.co/EomFLcBjlz
## 01:59:07
RT @i24NEWS_EN: Earlier today, @netanyahu and @USAmbIsrael held a ceremony for the inauguration of 'Trump Heights' — a town in #Israel's Go…
## 12:07:00
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 23:49:43
.@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier
## 01:48:26
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
## 01:51:16
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Very glad to see Mexico working with President @realDonaldTrump to up their game and deal with immigration from Centra…
## 15:49:44
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
## 12:00:45
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters &amp; losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
## 02:18:01
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor! https://t.co/ozLz84g3i0
