## 11:49:37
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
## 11:25:08
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline, New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
## 13:12:17
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
## 02:23:54
https://t.co/RRcP8ZDy1e
## 11:14:32
New book just out, “The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump,” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp; know me well, George Sorial &amp; Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
## 13:55:01
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
## 03:41:17
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Ae51wFELD0
## 11:49:38
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!” @LindseyGrahamSC
## 17:44:20
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp; rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp; support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
## 12:10:26
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!
## 13:14:13
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
## 11:51:43
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 22:20:30
“Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use” https://t.co/WPrDiyfpIW
## 11:54:41
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
## 21:45:32
Today, here in Iowa, we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL! https://t.co/WhuPwrETYk
## 12:50:43
Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......
## 02:21:55
https://t.co/V8TxJ3KVLZ
## 13:58:26
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
## 12:47:09
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! https://t.co/0CpnUzJqB9
