## 23:15:55
RT @Franklin_Graham: I want to remind everyone of the importance of praying for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump this Sun., June 2. We need to pray…
## 23:25:54
RT @FaithandFreedom: We are encouraged to join together in prayer for Pres. @realDonaldTrump on June 2nd with faith leaders such as @Frankl…
## 23:32:56
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: Trump's approval rating hits highest point in two years https://t.co/TT09Ovd5r8
## 23:14:18
Thank you so much, Franklin! https://t.co/LK7sHUGrZ7
## 23:15:44
RT @Franklin_Graham: Thank you to the thousands of people who have already let me know that you'll be praying this Sunday. If you’d like to…
## 22:20:56
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
## 23:19:53
RT @Franklin_Graham: Announcing Special Day of Prayer for the President - June 2 https://t.co/IxtApdsjOI
## 14:43:06
Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
## 23:14:27
RT @financialissues: .@Franklin_Graham will be joining me LIVE on Financial Issues to talk about the nationwide movement, Special Day of Pr…
## 20:37:03
Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to.....
## 23:15:30
RT @Franklin_Graham: I also hope thousands of pastors across the nation will take a moment in their service this Sunday to pray for the Pre…
## 23:32:24
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump to award Medal of Freedom to Arthur Laffer, father of supply side economics that gained prominence in the Reagan y…
## 20:37:04
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs &amp; Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels &amp; Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
## 23:16:09
RT @jackngraham: I’m joining my good friend @Franklin_Graham and hundreds of other faith leaders in asking our churches across America to p…
## 23:23:49
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin. https://t.co/IS7OfkmGKA
## 19:48:55
Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
## 23:31:48
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: .@jaketapper and @CNN are spreading a false story. This is a perfect example of how the liberal media takes something co…
## 23:26:56
RT @JennaBrowder: “This is not a political endorsement. It’s just simply praying for the president.” - @Franklin_Graham tells me and @JohnJ…
## 23:18:33
RT @toddstarnes: Franklin Graham Calls for National Day of Prayer for President Trump - https://t.co/WS2nRB1oME https://t.co/Smu9eC9YAG
## 23:27:17
RT @JennaBrowder: #FaithNation everyday at 6pm eastern — join me and @JohnJessupCBN over on the new 24/7 CBN News Channel by downloading ou…
## 19:50:47
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
