## 22:29:44
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS are guests of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II for a State Banquet at Buckingham Palac…
## 10:07:11
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!
## 07:51:19
....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
## 07:51:18
.@SadiqKhan, who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me......
## 07:11:19
RT @SteveScalise: Thank you for your leadership on this, @realDonaldTrump! It was great to visit the Cameron LNG export facility with you l…
## 17:41:37
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
## 16:42:35
RT @RoyalFamily: The President and Mrs Trump stand with The Queen, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall as the US and UK nationa…
## 10:37:28
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative &amp; so much Fake News, very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?
## 01:41:17
Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
## 22:29:59
RT @WhiteHouse: "On behalf of all Americans, I offer a toast to the eternal friendship of our people, the vitality of our nations, and to t…
## 22:29:19
RT @RoyalFamily: The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall @ClarenceHouse The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge @KensingtonRoyal, The Duke o…
## 17:44:55
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
## 01:44:41
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
## 16:42:46
RT @RoyalFamily: The Queen, President Trump and the First Lady view a display of items from the Royal Collection illustrating the enduring…
## 22:29:57
RT @WhiteHouse: "This evening, we thank God for the brave sons of the United Kingdom and the United States, who defeated the Nazis and the…
## 08:54:30
Thank you! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/hm6RXLeWpp
## 16:42:41
RT @RoyalFamily: The President and The Prince of Wales inspect a Guard of Honour formed by Nijmegen Company, Grenadier Guards. #USStateVisi…
## 10:50:33
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT, they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
## 18:11:26
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
