## 13:23:47
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
## 00:34:26
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally! https://t.co/tvhHIpsrFo
## 19:01:24
"It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman...."
@StateDept @SecPompeo https://t.co/sTIB0p1kCE
## 02:33:10
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS will welcome Polish President @andrzejduda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda for their…
## 02:45:16
Thank you very much! https://t.co/UOeTBUqfhE
## 10:21:50
General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
## 02:32:10
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump made the opioid crisis a primary focus of his administration. Today, I am in Montana to further our supp…
## 18:01:53
They’ve been wrong all along! https://t.co/z5tSV2JLEf
## 20:10:26
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
## 21:03:45
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams....https://t.co/BBQ8gpFunJ
## 02:34:23
Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT! https://t.co/0dFkx0vUkl
## 02:23:49
RT @mike_pence: The American people will continue to be drawn to @realDonaldTrump's consistent, conservative leadership - and I couldn't be…
## 13:37:48
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...
## 11:03:24
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &amp;  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment...
## 18:21:54
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
## 03:52:12
“It’s about peace and Prosperity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp; Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
## 10:51:14
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure &amp; many other things.
## 13:37:47
When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
## 02:27:30
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman! https://t.co/XQvnK9LD8R
## 03:50:45
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp; workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
## 02:44:13
is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris. https://t.co/wBIGo2ffzB
## 02:38:55
RT @WhiteHouse: Tonight's 1600 Daily looks at how President @realDonaldTrump is delivering on his promise to roll back the regulation that…
## 02:37:37
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&amp;S. https://t.co/XmyedA1WZL
## 12:11:54
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!
## 10:51:13
Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. &amp; Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
## 02:32:57
Thank you! https://t.co/tagXwv2imY
## 13:37:49
....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp; worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
## 11:03:25
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer
## 02:23:17
RT @mike_pence: Great event this afternoon in Billings supporting @SteveDaines! Montana needs 4 more years of @realdonaldtrump in the White…
