## 22:47:42
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr (and Nellie), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC (&amp; their missing server)....
## 21:47:40
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.
## 10:51:27
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to collaborating with all of our #BeBest Ambassadors. Delighted to be working alongside so many people both ins…
## 16:53:37
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D.C. Thank you! #RTM2019 https://t.co/KknwcFhawb
## 10:48:51
RT @dougducey: Proud to stand with 27 other governors in calling for Congress to ratify #USMCA. It updates our nation’s trade agreements wi…
## 10:47:59
RT @Jim_Jordan: Tomorrow’s hearing on the “Hatch Act” is just the latest attempt to silence the Trump administration.

@KellyannePolls is a…
## 23:46:04
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by @JoeBiden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
## 10:50:05
RT @SecretaryAcosta: Headed to Texas today to discuss #apprenticeship expansion, #PledgetoAmericasWorkers, and the #USMCA. Texas has added…
## 10:45:29
RT @IvankaTrump: Great keynoting the Senate’s weekly policy lunch and discussing workforce development policy, Higher Ed Act reauthorizatio…
## 10:23:08
RT @JudicialWatch: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the…
## 22:47:43
....and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
## 10:47:32
RT @mike_pence: What Americans hear tomorrow night will only confirm that Mexico has done more in the last 10 DAYS to secure the southern b…
## 10:50:16
RT @realDonaldTrump: Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
## 10:52:31
RT @ABC: Jared Kushner speaks at U.S. Mideast peace plan conference in Bahrain: "For a moment, imagine a new reality in the Middle East." h…
## 20:24:00
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
## 23:14:52
For tonight’s #DemDebate, be sure to follow @TeamTrump, @TrumpWarRoom, @Parscale, @KayleighMcEnany, @TimMurtaugh, and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry, I’m on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!
## 21:17:54
“I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
## 10:40:12
Wow, @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail
(no credibility), and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great! https://t.co/0sFBVmjR7f
## 10:44:43
RT @mike_pence: America needs 4 more years of prosperity, 4 more years of security, and 4 MORE YEARS of President @realDonaldTrump! #KeepAm…
## 14:42:38
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp; the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
## 10:41:00
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow exclusive join us as ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ joins me #LIVE ⁦@MorningsMaria⁩ ⁦⁦@FoxBusiness⁩ 8am et https:…
## 21:46:46
....No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?
## 10:41:22
RT @mike_pence: Latino Americans know that it was freedom, not socialism, that gave us the most prosperous and powerful nation in the histo…
## 23:52:03
.@ByronYork: “What now, for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?” https://t.co/g0EO7Xs0yE
## 19:13:22
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan!🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/IdAYUOiWqf
## 14:42:37
Women’s soccer player, @mPinoe, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
## 23:46:05
....They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
## 10:22:31
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “CA settled with JW &amp; is taking steps to remove 1.5M inactive voters from the rolls. It’s important for ele…
## 18:26:41
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
## 10:44:29
RT @PressSec: .@StephGrisham45 will be an incredible asset to the President and the country. I’m sad to leave the WH, but so happy our team…
## 02:34:41
Presidential Harassment!
## 10:45:10
RT @EricTrump: I hope everyone reads and watches this video to see the corruption of big tech. ⁦@Google⁩ should be absolutely ashamed. 

Un…
## 10:23:32
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name…
## 10:43:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank…
## 11:13:58
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
## 10:46:22
RT @ericbolling: Great choice @realDonaldTrump choosing @StephGrisham45 as your @PressSec !! 

https://t.co/jpv8z421TQ
## 20:31:31
https://t.co/mudnBtvWO1
## 11:01:04
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.
## 21:46:45
According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN, “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around....
## 11:05:24
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
