## 12:45:21
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
## 22:50:57
....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!
## 23:23:27
RT @TheRightMelissa: @realDonaldTrump For the few conservatives they have left on, twitter is engaged in shadow banning of conservative con…
## 04:08:26
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you don’t hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
## 00:24:14
Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
## 23:20:10
RT @SecAzar: Under @POTUS’s leadership, @HHSgov worked with Gilead to secure preventative medication for uninsured individuals at risk for…
## 03:54:08
....other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!
## 13:26:08
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, &amp; a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
## 22:57:11
The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
## 23:51:44
RT @larryelder: The Trump-hating media/dems now face a YUGE dilemma--how NOT to give @realDonaldTrump credit.

#MexicoCavesAfterTariffThrea…
## 23:20:30
RT @SecAzar: I’m pleased to announce that as a result of discussions between the Trump Administration and Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gilead has…
## 23:35:53
RT @mitchellvii: Next we get to watch the Democrat Civil War between the Socialists and the Establishment during the debates in a race to s…
## 23:20:13
RT @SecAzar: The agreement will provide pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) to treat individuals who are at risk for HIV and who are uninsured,…
## 23:20:06
RT @SecAzar: The majority of Americans who are at risk and who could protect themselves with PrEP are still not receiving the medication. T…
## 04:09:51
RT @realDonaldTrump: MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
## 13:36:36
RT @RepDougCollins: Our Border Patrol agents are superheroes dealing with the border crisis every day. They are doing their job, and it's t…
## 23:41:02
RT @BreitbartNews: .@senronjohnson: "I called the Mexican ambassador and said regardless of what you read in the press, understand if the p…
## 23:35:39
RT @mitchellvii: Trump wins historic landslide election.

Democrats - "Russia did it."

Trump sets economic records.

Democrats - "Obama di…
## 04:10:47
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs s…
## 23:29:33
RT @charliekirk11: It’s amazing to see Democrats within a span of 2 days go from being against Trump’s tariffs on Mexico to now being again…
## 23:26:28
RT @RealCandaceO: Black America has been destroyed by liberal policies, a liberal media and a liberal stranglehold on culture. 

Democrats…
## 23:20:04
RT @SecAzar: Read more about the announcement here: https://t.co/fKZBchzJCh #HIV #EndHIVEpidemic
## 04:10:44
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or el…
## 12:26:37
.....there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes, &amp; ratings challenged @CNN, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
