## 02:13:11
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, &amp; the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, &amp; the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! #Trump2020 https://t.co/Vmu28hKQh6
## 01:48:36
THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!https://t.co/Va9FhByJi0
## 14:20:04
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
## 02:04:07
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character, the virtue, or the spine! #Trump2020 https://t.co/oULNnVtxmW
## 19:48:04
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
## 19:48:02
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller &amp; the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair &amp; costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they.......
## 15:09:18
If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But I’m winning anyway!
## 20:39:28
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
## 23:01:59
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
## 14:18:12
....33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
## 14:18:11
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the.....
## 01:58:51
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020 https://t.co/f9RJhpp50J
## 12:54:55
THANK YOU! #Trump2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/recnmmYAFN
## 20:29:24
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!
## 01:52:19
Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020 https://t.co/bYyK6sOrak
