## 10:03:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be…
## 10:31:43
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!
## 13:33:13
https://t.co/TwLPmiAB78
## 10:04:30
RT @realDonaldTrump: Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom o…
## 15:36:00
RT @VP: .@POTUS’ strong stand got Mexico to do things they have never done before: 6,000 National Guard at their southern border, immigrati…
## 10:02:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report w…
## 13:33:24
https://t.co/2O43Na2Nmr
## 10:02:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 A…
## 11:09:08
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
## 10:02:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingl…
## 15:43:11
Thank you @MarkLevinShow and John Eastman! https://t.co/PsoyEVynjT
## 23:01:02
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! https://t.co/MXuiolM745
## 18:17:37
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
## 10:00:46
Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,
which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
## 22:53:08
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner @IMS, @SimonPagenaud and @Team_Penske! @IndyCar🏆🏁 https://t.co/uxhfbhJ2p0
## 18:52:10
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
