## 11:22:00
RT @marcorubio: Here is video of #IRGC navy returning to the scene of the crime to erase evidence by removing an unexploded Limpet mine fro…
## 11:10:22
RT @TomFitton: As Pelosi House slithers towards impeachment of @RealDonaldTrump, Mueller Report exposed as lying hit job on Trump.  @Judici…
## 23:07:00
RT @PressSec: I am blessed and forever grateful to @realDonaldTrump for the opportunity to serve and proud of everything he’s accomplished.…
## 11:09:36
RT @TomFitton: Coup Update: Bruce Ohr gets $28k bonus in middle of Russiagate spying on @RealDonaldTrump -- and then gets a raise AFTER he…
## 11:29:25
RT @FLOTUS: This Administration remains committed to the fight against the opioid epidemic. Thank you to all who participated in this week’…
## 11:37:34
“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN
## 11:10:49
RT @TomFitton: 4 FBI witness interview reports are “missing”, along with the notes of a meeting between the FBI and the intelligence commun…
## 23:17:09
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London! https://t.co/l3qcUS17jh
## 11:23:39
RT @marcorubio: Not just the intelligence shows Iran was behind gulf attacks,common sense does too. 

It is a fact that only the #IRGC Navy…
## 12:05:17
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 11:30:49
RT @WhiteHouse: Opioid addiction can happen to anyone—and we must work together to fight the stigma and save lives, says @Surgeon_General J…
## 11:12:16
RT @TomFitton: Tom Fitton: If There's Anything Watergate-Related, it's the Obama Admin's Actions Targeting @realDonaldTrump - @JudicialWatc…
## 13:44:20
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
## 19:04:33
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
## 11:48:36
RT @WhiteHouse: NEXT UP: President @realDonaldTrump speaks on expanding health coverage options for small businesses &amp; workers. https://t.c…
## 11:49:05
RT @DanScavino: NEVER GETS OLD....
https://t.co/SJQE8zxoCm
## 11:50:33
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump stayed after his commencement speech at the @AF_Academy in Colorado Springs this past Thursday t…
## 11:44:47
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN  Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?
## 11:47:12
RT @TeamTrump: Today, President @realDonaldTrump spoke on expanding health coverage options for American small businesses &amp; workers.

Presi…
## 11:46:00
RT @CLewandowski_: Great to see a strong showing in NH for @realDonaldTrump on his Birthday.  Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/…
## 18:45:01
Thank you Steve &amp; family! https://t.co/1lgfJjHRfH
## 11:50:18
RT @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump stops by for an impromptu photo with local school kids in Ireland, who were hoping to catch a glimpse of…
## 11:29:39
RT @FLOTUS: Yesterday we honored the incredible friendship between the United States and Poland, and celebrated our proud Polish-American c…
## 11:49:53
RT @DanScavino: As the worst Mayor in the history of New York City manages his bucket list in Iowa — he also remains steady at ZERO PERCENT…
## 11:13:14
RT @hughhewitt: "It may be the single biggest political crime in the history of the United States" @realDonaldTrump says about #Spygate. "E…
## 12:51:34
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
## 11:24:40
RT @marcorubio: And yesterday’s attack on a civilian airport in #SaudiArabia by the Houthis using cruise missiles supplied by #IRGC should…
## 18:47:35
LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! https://t.co/n7qKI3BbD2
## 11:09:29
RT @TomFitton: Obama-Clinton-Russia:  The REAL Collusion Scandal; Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target @realDonald…
## 11:29:54
RT @FLOTUS: Great to welcome back President Duda &amp; Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/A3UxqNUqzn
## 11:27:21
RT @marcorubio: This account is really off-base. MLB meeting with @potus wasn’t about resurrecting the old deal,it was about a new &amp; much m…
## 18:44:37
RT @SteveScalise: For weeks Republicans have asked for an emergency funding bill to help fix the worsening border crisis. Immediate action…
## 18:50:40
https://t.co/jlmmOCxk9H
## 12:55:47
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
## 11:30:09
RT @FLOTUS: We must never forget the lives lost and heroic actions made by so many on D-Day in Normandy, France. https://t.co/Uhl3VUPleq
## 11:51:27
RT @DanScavino: Dems will keep their (embarrassing) games going on here in THE SWAMP until 2020 because they hate Trump &amp; they think it hel…
## 11:49:20
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/85xnJ7mpp7
