## 21:43:41
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
## 06:49:32
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
## 11:29:30
https://t.co/xrrzYhPu0i
## 07:43:36
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 https://t.co/c8OTeHVScr
## 16:57:47
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp; Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
## 17:43:38
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
## 16:36:55
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!
## 16:57:48
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp; unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp; Infrastructure!
## 14:44:50
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great @VP Mike Pence! https://t.co/k2fmu5bR5R
## 17:16:41
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, &amp; there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm &amp; Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
## 17:38:01
For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a part), Defense and Science!
## 11:02:16
https://t.co/lNh7hQiQTN
## 07:01:43
“Mueller’s report was pure, political garbage!” @SeanHannity https://t.co/lRjtoPTiO8
## 17:27:31
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
