## 11:34:18
RT @realDonaldTrump: Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. S…
## 20:52:46
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
## 01:04:55
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me! https://t.co/v1e0d0AHHo
## 00:45:41
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you! #MAGA https://t.co/6oqbA5Y5zU
## 16:16:54
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp; that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
## 15:25:09
To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA
## 02:06:31
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania! https://t.co/wMeh9k9knv
## 16:38:40
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 11:34:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the…
## 22:48:50
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
## 16:16:53
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp; broken...
## 21:22:52
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.
## 22:00:15
Wow, Mark Levin’s new book opened at #1. It is great – keep it there for a long time! https://t.co/3F1xybks0R
## 02:02:28
Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
## 21:53:23
Johnny, we will miss you – you did a great job! https://t.co/eXaASLgeSh
