## 17:57:00
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
## 01:36:22
RT @seanhannity: HANNITY IS ON LIVE with The Great One @MarkLevinShow! We’ll break down the Democrats’ disregard for the rule of law and Hi…
## 12:55:27
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!
## 01:37:01
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Awesome!!! 👏 https://t.co/SOWlOLzRxs
## 19:14:04
....into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
## 11:24:39
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
## 11:54:19
The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!
## 21:13:28
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day, we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! https://t.co/B3NrKc698y
## 11:48:26
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”
## 13:39:11
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo
## 03:00:20
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp; will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans &amp; Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp; women who work there!
## 01:35:26
RT @HouseGOP: D's bill on the floor today has nothing to do w/ pre-existing conditions. 

But it will prevent states from reducing the pric…
## 01:35:10
RT @DanCrenshawTX: We reached a new low in deceitful politics today. 

The lies about protection for pre-existing conditions continue. 

Th…
## 03:58:03
Republicans must stick together! https://t.co/APrvcjpqOp
## 12:07:24
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
## 11:27:35
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
## 13:01:47
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
## 13:20:35
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
## 01:36:37
RT @GOPChairwoman: Why do Democrats keeping fixating on the same Russia collusion lies?

Because they don’t want to admit that:
-our econom…
## 01:31:02
RT @VP: Great to be at R&amp;J Johnson Farms in  Glyndon, Minnesota today! Since the earliest days of our administration, @POTUS has promised t…
## 11:43:56
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp; starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
## 01:38:01
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump hosted the 2018 World Series Champions, the Boston @RedSox, at the White House! https://t.co/68f…
## 12:08:32
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
## 11:46:16
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp; quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
## 13:11:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: Republicans must stick together! https://t.co/APrvcjpqOp
## 23:41:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much e…
## 01:38:23
RT @TeamTrump: President Trump is committed to protecting patients and their families from surprise medical bills.

Hospitals and insurance…
