## 03:29:22
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
## 19:01:48
Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. https://t.co/uwEjQNbEXE
## 00:39:52
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs
## 02:48:08
RT @TomFitton: FBI refuses to search text messages under FOIA. Director Wray needs to step up and stop this stonewalling that protects corr…
## 01:19:25
71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll
## 21:41:43
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
## 12:34:47
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud &amp; clear &amp; for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
## 20:56:31
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges....
## 17:31:18
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp; the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!
## 00:16:44
@FoxNews Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!
## 20:56:32
....(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
## 03:49:49
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
## 00:11:19
The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!
## 20:22:08
https://t.co/8GRaqVxR8S
## 02:56:00
RT @TPUSA: SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT!

Fox News Contributor @LisaMarieBooth Has Just Been Added To Our AMAZING Line-Up Of Speakers For #YWLS2019…
## 01:09:33
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE” https://t.co/1OyCyqRTuk
## 03:19:46
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!
## 12:19:56
“If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!
## 02:49:03
RT @TomFitton: BIG: @realDonaldTrump authorizes AG Barr to declassify #Spygate docs from all agencies!  Coming up! https://t.co/PzzU0kNQfL
## 03:02:29
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Very excited to join the @foxnation team! “Fox Nation Rolls Out Slate With Tyrus, Kat Timpf, Tammy Bruce, Lawrence Jones…
## 03:00:00
RT @NikkiHaley: A great night. Thank you. ❤️ https://t.co/EIKFo2UMLy
## 00:40:47
RT @AviBerkow: Congrats ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ on receiving the Internet Association’s 2019 Internet Freedom Award this evening. https://t.co/dE6Zh…
## 18:00:27
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
## 00:19:32
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
## 01:18:27
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: A friendly reminder from @LizRNC that the Main Stream Media who suffer from Trump Detangment Syndrome made this clown a…
