## 10:06:10
RT @clintwelborn1: @dbongino Happy im not a member of IAFF anymore
## 10:05:56
RT @Bones_zoom: @dbongino He has NO chance.
## 10:05:52
RT @cmd629: @dbongino Yea right, until they get in the voting booth!
## 10:00:28
RT @JA_Loans: @dbongino Does he know 90% of the Firemen’s retirement is dependent on the US Economy and invested in US Stock? Do not think…
## 10:06:04
RT @JoanWil57769727: @dbongino Well there could be a small group of Obama people, anyone in his right mind would not support Joe Biden
## 09:56:39
RT @ro18007212: @dbongino I have fire fighter friends and they support Trump.
## 10:16:28
RT @tedbartley: @dbongino As a retired Firefighter, I can only speak for my fellow retirees,and I can assure you NONE of us support him,OR…
## 12:28:53
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
## 09:56:52
RT @OrzechEd: @dbongino Im a firefighter and im NOT voting for Joe.
## 10:17:01
RT @gr84u2c: @dbongino @DebbieB1230 Lousy choice
## 10:02:26
RT @bobahide: @dbongino Not I
## 10:06:29
RT @LisaLimaaa: @dbongino Shouldn't the fireman have a say?
## 10:17:13
RT @BIGGeorgeAZ: @dbongino Nope not me either. I’m not voting for crazy Joe. My support is behind @realDonaldTrump in 2020!
## 10:09:22
RT @chrisgogarty: @dbongino Add me to your list Dan. I am furious that the board would make such an announcement without even taking the me…
## 09:56:34
RT @icemanTom: @dbongino I’m a firefighter and I don’t endorse Joe Biden   My vote goes to President Donald Trump!!!!
## 10:08:56
RT @GWKohn1: @dbongino None of the MEN I know are either.
## 09:57:34
RT @jcoreybates: @dbongino 👈🏼 This career firefighter will not be voting for any Democrat on the ticket. I will be voting for @POTUS again.
## 10:09:28
RT @JCryptoseed: @dbongino Never Supporting a Fireman's Ball again...
## 10:00:50
RT @QuaglianoJohn: @dbongino Roger that....firefighters will vote Trump! The union may not be representing its membership appropriately in…
## 10:06:59
RT @CurtisVincent5: @dbongino This firefighter won’t be voting for creepy @JoeBiden
## 10:13:15
RT @RealDanKida: @dbongino The Unions have become Corporations representing themselves, Our President represents the people. #MAGA @realDon…
## 10:16:48
RT @TheDJDaniel01: @dbongino Why would any firefighter of service vote for him? @realDonaldTrump is the way to go.
## 10:01:46
RT @Korryb: @dbongino I certainly won't be voting for this guy!
## 10:18:08
RT @ScottBepler: @dbongino 24 years plus firefighter here,&amp; there’s no chance Biden is my choice. #NoMoJoe  Actually, no one on the left ha…
## 10:50:34
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!
## 10:08:20
RT @BradyBbum1957: @dbongino When the union backs you but the people in the union don’t
## 10:01:01
RT @mscrosswi: @dbongino Nowhere have I heard the firefighters were supporting Joe Biden. The leadership of the firefighters union, on the…
## 10:14:35
RT @kshaferus: @dbongino This statement is like so many others—liberal lies. Why would the military or emergency workers support a candidat…
## 09:57:49
RT @G4TTO21: @dbongino My father is a fireman and his entire firehouse loves Trump
## 10:11:14
RT @blinddog007: @dbongino I know  the police officers Union is backing Donald Trump...I back the blue #bluelivesmatter
## 09:59:54
RT @TGrande7: @dbongino All firefighters I work with said 
No way !!!!!! 
Fake News
## 09:57:18
RT @JimmyMac233: @dbongino Agreed Dan. NYC FD inions haven’t made a peep but the known rank and file are Trump guys.
## 10:12:36
RT @flamingoHeels: @dbongino Joe Biden is not even his party’s candidate yet. Firemen 🚒 can’t say they endorse him. He may not even be on b…
## 10:09:06
RT @VanhortonM: @dbongino Smoke and mirrors Biden.
## 10:08:11
RT @mw_canterbury: @dbongino This is why more lawsuits are going to presented by union members because of misrepresentation by the top eche…
## 12:06:10
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends
## 10:00:40
RT @wadar1969: @dbongino The union bureaucrats endorse him but the due paying members don’t, and they wonder why unions are getting smaller…
## 10:36:14
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
## 10:07:28
RT @broncolee70: @dbongino @KurtSchlichter That’s why I am not in the IFFA. Don’t want my $$$ going to dems
## 10:07:12
RT @23Mcguire: @dbongino Not 🙋🏻‍♂️nor my brother
## 10:08:33
RT @Scooter172: @dbongino The fire fighters union bosses are endorsing a failure.
## 11:11:42
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
## 11:01:15
Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.
## 10:06:45
RT @Kimberl40855897: @dbongino The rank and file know who has their back and remember no one knows who you vote for !
## 10:17:41
RT @Jrag19601: @dbongino The ONLY reason why Joe Biden is able to get into this race is he knows for a fact that the democrat media will ne…
## 10:11:39
RT @KRobbio: @dbongino He used there dues when they  support trump
## 10:02:13
RT @JeffreyKStewart: @dbongino Just the union leadership supports Biden. Members support Trump. This applies to most unions.
## 10:05:28
RT @JeffNeely11: @dbongino No, we don't support Crazy Joe!! And our members in our Local are up in arms!
## 10:00:07
RT @CwElliott2: @dbongino You are correct, 100%, Dan.  A bunch of us have been talking, and this is just the DNC buying and paying for the…
## 09:56:00
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO! https://t.co/Tw0qwTiUD6
## 10:14:13
RT @harrypeterson_: @dbongino It doesn’t matter who they endorse, the only person winning in 2020 is President Trump!
## 10:08:02
RT @Steverefresh: @dbongino They will take union dues from trump voters and give to creepy though
## 10:16:15
RT @OmastaSkip: @dbongino As a retired FF I know that the majority of the rank and file are conservative or moderate and DO NOT support lib…
## 10:18:13
RT @saulpavsr: @dbongino I cannot wait to vote for the greatest president ever
## 09:56:14
RT @dpparadis123: @dbongino My neighbor is a fireman and he loves trump
## 09:56:59
RT @TheKevinNash61: @dbongino None.  We are all pissed about this.  I have withdrawn my support for firePAC
## 10:15:57
RT @mr36561: @dbongino Stick in the eye by union...Trump has worked very hard for our first responders and union members...fighting very ha…
## 09:57:10
RT @mitchraider60: @dbongino How any firefighter in NY can support any Dem is disgusting after DiBlasio went to the G2 last year to rip our…
## 13:03:41
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
## 10:06:16
RT @HikeAmerica440: @dbongino None that I know of in my home town either
## 10:11:05
RT @firemanbrawls: @dbongino I know a couple in my department. Granted I am in Alabama but most of the firefighters I talk to are voting @r…
## 10:01:19
RT @woofeous: @dbongino "Over Charging Union Dues Alert". Dan, how about Union leadership opening up books to own members since they have s…
