## 10:08:47
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart https://t.co/eOWQSJX7lO via @BreitbartNews
## 01:15:40
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! https://t.co/oFO6wMVhYt
## 01:17:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was “stolen” from her. 

It wasn’t.

She had a failed message and complet…
## 02:21:37
RT @realDonaldTrump: Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in…
## 01:16:14
RT @GOPChairwoman: Ever wonder why the Democrats are so obsessed with Russia? 
 
They want to distract from how strong our economy is under…
## 10:56:32
....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
## 13:23:07
“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?” @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo
## 12:48:15
The reason for the China pullback &amp; attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....
## 01:17:08
RT @TeamTrump: BIG NEWS: Nearly HALF of @realdonaldtrump’s 2020 campaign contributions this year have come from WOMEN donors.

#WomenForTru…
## 13:42:36
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
## 14:45:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: “CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR 
https://t.co/TOIatsmu4U
## 01:51:39
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
## 17:42:44
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
## 15:18:41
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...
## 12:10:48
RT @TXRandy14: Today, I led my Republican colleagues in asking for the #BornAliveAct to be taken up. Dem Leadership again denied our reques…
## 01:04:22
'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive https://t.co/eboFUSJH1u via @BreitbartNews
## 12:10:40
RT @GOPLeader: I am grateful to the millions of teachers who put their heart (and countless hours!) into their work. Thank you for your pas…
## 12:57:35
“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo
## 01:16:31
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is hard at work for the American people!

#ThanksPresidentTrump #MAGA https://t.co/ehPs7iEn1u
## 17:54:40
Thank you @NewtGingrich &amp; @FoxandFriends! https://t.co/GYJ7U2k7nn
## 20:58:40
“The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC
## 15:18:42
....in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!
## 23:13:58
Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity
## 21:01:36
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
## 01:22:17
RT @TigerWoods: It’s an incredible privilege to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Considering the recipients, history, and what…
## 14:45:20
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real…
## 02:29:25
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE NOW: President Trump Presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Tiger Woods https://t.co/tqZdiXay5T
## 14:45:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: Real estate developers in the 1980’s &amp; 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreci…
## 10:17:21
“CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR 
https://t.co/TOIatsmu4U
## 14:42:26
“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends
## 12:48:16
....Guess what, that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!
## 23:32:51
Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @SeanHannity https://t.co/57tngL1W2i
## 19:30:31
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we’ve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
## 12:11:04
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats and Republicans should be working together to lower the cost of prescription drugs. 
 
What are Democrats doing in…
## 02:21:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Pue…
## 14:38:49
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, &amp; people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
## 15:48:06
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!
