## 10:33:41
....President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs
## 03:41:09
RT @realDonaldTrump: Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
## 17:29:12
RT @TheRightMelissa: @RealCandaceO Because if they acknowledge the reality that Trump is neither of those things, they would be essentially…
## 21:06:05
....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
## 03:40:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp; employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp; much mo…
## 23:03:16
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!
## 17:48:10
RT @RichLowry: I know he won’t do this, because obviously the political narrative is important to him and people around him, but Mueller sh…
## 18:00:16
RT @TomFitton: Schiff knew. 

Comey knew. 

Obama knew. 

Susan Rice knew. 

Biden knew. 

Brennan knew. 

Clapper knew. 

Peter Strzok kne…
## 17:11:31
https://t.co/NlL3YNhxly
## 17:39:56
RT @LisaMei62: .@KimStrassel discusses what she wrote about in her column today re: how very powerful people in DC are panicking because AG…
## 23:10:43
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion &amp; No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!
## 23:22:39
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
## 11:04:04
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
## 17:54:51
Really sad! https://t.co/OjzNjhJeHt
## 21:35:41
....employment numbers ever, low taxes &amp; regulations, a rebuilt military &amp; V.A., many great new judges, &amp; so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp; hopefully guilty people will pay!
## 03:40:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around fo…
## 17:30:44
RT @TheRightMelissa: @RealCandaceO Yap Candace! No one in their right mind believes the crazy looney toon things coming out of the left. 
T…
## 18:02:30
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump put forward 4 principles to protect American patients from the financial devastation of surprise…
## 10:34:06
RT @VP: Under the leadership of @Potus Trump our economy is roaring. Businesses large and small have created more than 5.8 million jobs, un…
## 23:16:10
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts,” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!
## 17:52:27
https://t.co/6Xc1NJnf1Z
## 23:19:39
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
## 17:12:48
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
## 18:03:38
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump effect on the 2020 Senate Map:
 
Chuck Schumer is 0-7 in recruiting Senate challengers!
https://t.c…
## 18:02:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: Republicans and @realDonaldTrump are delivering for Americans:
 
*6M new jobs
 
*Unemployment at 3.6%, the lowest since…
