## 20:27:47
RT @TeamTrump: Dems plan a government TAKEOVER of healthcare.

That means ELIMINATING private plans (like Blue Cross/Blue Shield)! 

@reald…
## 07:48:39
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵
## 23:47:33
RT @AbeShinzo: President Trump and the First Lady are staying in Japan as the first State Guests of the new era “Reiwa”! TOKYO SKYTREE welc…
## 20:23:30
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats and the mainstream media loved to talk about transparency until they learned @realDonaldTrump was declassifyin…
## 20:43:42
In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!
## 19:55:52
Thank you John, so nice! https://t.co/cfcXpzjYn7
## 20:25:44
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: Senator @LindseyGrahamSC splashes into @WattersWorld to discuss his relationship with President @realDonaldTru…
## 19:35:19
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
## 07:20:36
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
## 23:24:17
RT @USAmbJapan: .@POTUS kicks off historic state visit by discussing ways to deepen economic ties with business leaders. #POTUSinJapan #All…
## 06:51:37
RT @Jim_Jordan: We could work together on the big problems facing America.

We could solve the border crisis, lower the cost of prescriptio…
## 12:22:30
RT @WhiteHouse: After arriving in Tokyo, President @realDonaldTrump spoke with Japanese business leaders at the U. S. Ambassador to Japan’s…
## 07:00:22
RT @Jim_Jordan: "Rep. Jordan: When your focus is attacking Trump, you can't do what's best for America"

https://t.co/prJJfetQel
## 06:57:23
The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We don’t lose anymore! https://t.co/5ECmBpsI6D
## 00:38:25
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan! https://t.co/9a72TMftpN
## 07:32:43
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!
## 06:51:19
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats are engaged in presidential obstruction. They're so desperate to stop the President that they won't help the coun…
## 20:45:45
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump administration's fight for better trade deals doesn't end with China. 

The president is working ha…
## 20:03:26
RT @jonvoight: To my fellow Americans. Part 2. https://t.co/uhqpbzwHhS
