## 10:53:25
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
## 14:35:05
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?
## 13:44:35
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!
## 16:53:00
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
## 19:41:59
Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS! https://t.co/LQNExa57ne
## 10:36:38
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
## 11:01:01
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 10:44:53
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres,” of which there are many, are being detained &amp; will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp; Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!
## 10:51:34
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!
## 12:16:40
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
## 11:00:06
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
## 11:05:30
New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends
## 10:58:43
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
## 22:49:34
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews
## 11:11:45
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!
