## 12:15:36
RT @RealSaavedra: Sean Hannity slams @SenatorBurr: “Are you a collusion truther? How many times do you want Donald Trump Jr. and other peop…
## 12:10:25
RT @TomFitton: .@SenatorBurr harasses @DonaldJTrumpJr with another subpoena while excusing unprecedented corruption targeting @realDonaldTr…
## 12:20:58
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Serving a subpoena to Don Trump Jr.—a private citizen who voluntarily testified before 3 Congressional committees for 2…
## 18:44:07
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
## 12:26:02
RT @nedryun: Reminder: this guy is still on Twitter. Laura Loomer is not. The solution is not to ban this anti-Semite. The goal is to have…
## 11:52:39
RT @SenThomTillis: Please watch and share this testimony from Carla Provost, @USBPChief, Chief of the US Border Patrol about the ongoing cr…
## 00:11:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more…
## 12:26:21
RT @theamgreatness: More than 1,000 Conservatives Rally at Philly Planned Parenthood Where Unhinged Dem Bullied Pro-Lifers https://t.co/k5r…
## 11:54:03
RT @SenThomTillis: I agree with Leader McConnell: this case is closed. The Mueller Report cleared @DonaldJTrumpJr and he’s already spent 27…
## 12:07:33
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Will stand behind President @realDonaldTrump and his team as he insists on a  great deal with China.  

It’s our last…
## 12:14:54
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: When it comes to China, they will never change their behavior until someone stands up to them.  I’m proud of President…
## 12:21:58
RT @jason_donner: Chuck Grassley: "I think about the time that he [Trump Jr.] spent hours w/our staff &amp; testimony...everything post the Mue…
## 12:05:54
RT @johncatsjr: Trump Economy vs Obama Economy

Manufacturing jobs created:
Trump: 470,000
Obama: -206,000

Under Obama, unemployment decli…
## 12:23:53
RT @GeraldoRivera: If you were @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; had already testified for 30+ hours about same damn singular meeting at #TrumpTower wouldn…
## 12:22:16
RT @MZanona: .@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy says GOP-led Senate Intelligence Committee was wrong to subpoena Donald Trump Jr.
## 12:20:39
RT @SergioGor: Speaking to reporters just now @RandPaul calls for an end to the Senate intel investigation. As we’ve heard from @senatemajl…
## 12:19:42
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: I sure wish Sen Richard Burr was as interested in Biden's cushy deals w/ Ukraine &amp; China while VP than he is in the ha…
## 12:21:15
RT @Jim_Jordan: Senate Intel subpoenas @DonaldJTrumpJr. 

He’s already testified for 25 hours. But they’re bringing him back based on Micha…
## 11:57:17
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup; Illegal spying on @realDonaldTrump biggest corruption…
## 11:57:54
RT @hughhewitt: The Mueller probe has concluded, after vast effort, that there was no collusion. Senate Intel subpoena to @DonaldJTrumpJr s…
## 12:32:45
RT @ByronYork: If she was part of Russia 2016 campaign operation, odd that Mueller wasn't interested...
RT @texan_21c: @ByronYork She was a…
## 12:07:57
RT @robbystarbuck: Why is this not the #1 news on every major news outlet tonight? President Trump’s Admin secured a historic donation of H…
## 12:12:22
RT @hughhewitt: I don't know, have never met or spoken w/ @DonaldJTrumpJr, but his being subpoenaed by Senate Intel AFTER SC report finds n…
## 12:28:10
RT @nedryun: Exactly. https://t.co/Fj6UiFWekS
## 22:18:30
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky &amp; have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
## 12:02:10
RT @TomFitton: List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of "intermediaries" used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS…
## 12:02:21
RT @TomFitton: DNC Worked With Russian Intel to Overthrow President @RealDonaldTrump. THIS is why we have the abusive contempt attack on AG…
## 11:46:07
RT @Politi_Chatter: @realDonaldTrump Today Twitter crossed the line &amp; Suspended the Conservative run @WeSupport45 account without explanati…
## 12:17:36
RT @JeffLandry: It's very concerning a U.S. Senate Committee would subpoena @DonaldJTrumpJr after he already testified for hours before a S…
## 12:03:17
RT @TomFitton: ICYMI: Mueller Report Was A Political Tool To Attack President @RealDonaldTrump https://t.co/cSuMc56cni via @JudicialWatch @…
## 12:09:07
RT @Jim_Jordan: Bill Barr used two frightening terms when he testified in front of the Senate last month:

-Unauthorized surveillance
-Poli…
## 22:39:44
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
## 02:10:08
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump re-election campaign has reported more female donors than any other candidate – and it’s not even c…
## 12:25:08
RT @brithume: Are Democratic voters really fooled by this show? Jerry Nadler’s strategy clearly aims at provoking a confrontation for polit…
## 12:06:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: We've added 6 MILLION jobs since @realDonaldTrump’s election, unemployment is at record lows &amp; wages are on the rise.

O…
## 11:59:44
RT @TomFitton: Of course, there's a #NationalEmergency on the border. @RealDonaldTrump is absolutely right about the border crisis and shou…
## 12:16:00
RT @DevinNunes: FBI's Steele story falls apart: False intel and media contacts were flagged before FISA | ⁦@jsolomonReports⁩  https://t.co/…
## 23:27:40
RT @GOPChairwoman: An Ohio manufacturing CEO explains that cracking down on China has meant stability and predictability for his business.…
## 12:11:39
RT @thehill: Mike Huckabee: "Did senators forget that Trump Jr. answered the questions already?" via @TheHillOpinion https://t.co/sL00Z17A3…
## 23:32:03
RT @TomFitton: Democratic leaders don't want to talk about the criminal conspiracy their party was involved in related to the illegal spyin…
## 12:17:17
RT @BreitbartNews: .@tedcruz joins the ranks of Republican lawmakers criticizing Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) for keeping the Collusion Hoax al…
## 11:59:05
RT @TomFitton: FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A "Repository" For Hillary Clinton's Emails - @JudicialWatch https://t.co/8bONh…
## 12:20:24
RT @tedcruz: The Russia investigation is over. After 2 years of Dem &amp; media hysteria, after millions of dollars, after 2800 subpoenas, the…
## 13:55:14
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
## 12:10:10
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Because his family is on their payroll... https://t.co/73nygpO6k2
## 12:08:19
RT @TommyHicksGOP: For years, China has engaged in unfair trade practices. While the US-China relationship is important, @realDonaldTrump i…
## 12:29:45
RT @WhiteHouse: Sen. @HawleyMO: “Large quantities of drugs are smuggled across the border. Isn’t that right?"

Border Patrol Chief: “That i…
## 12:13:47
RT @KimStrassel: This is a very important story. 
 https://t.co/G4w2LDXEm8
## 18:32:12
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am), and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
## 12:30:11
RT @nedryun: Love how Comey and Baker trying to get out there ahead of FISA report. But sorry, boys. Barr doesn’t give a rip about public o…
## 12:19:24
RT @RepPeteKing: Hard to justify Senate subpoena of @DonaldJTrumpJr. After two years of investigations by Mueller, Senate &amp; House as well a…
## 12:16:08
RT @GOP: “This is crazy... China not being a threat? [Biden is] so out of touch.” -@kayleighmcenany https://t.co/wlpYxS7wTS
## 22:18:31
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp; employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp; much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
## 11:58:42
RT @TomFitton: Coming up! https://t.co/bOwV0Gs262
## 12:09:39
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: If Sen Burr didn't get enough flesh out of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the 1st 29 hrs of hammering, then hold him back a grade…
## 12:14:14
RT @RealSaavedra: .@RudyGiuliani goes off on Republican @SenatorBurr for continuing to issue subpoenas after @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell…
## 12:22:37
RT @BradleyByrne: Despite spending millions and countless hours on an investigation that found NOTHING, some want to keep this nonsense goi…
## 12:04:53
RT @RealSaavedra: BREAKING: The father of one of the STEM School Highlands Ranch shooters was a *criminal illegal alien from Mexico* who wa…
## 12:18:13
RT @dbongino: "I think it’s all about trying to destroy Bill Barr because Democrats are nervous he’s going to get to the bottom of everythi…
## 12:00:03
RT @TomFitton: A federal court granted @JudicialWatch discovery on Clinton emails because the court wanted answers about the cover-up. And…
## 12:00:59
RT @RMConservative: Today's show: Congress Believes Everything is a Disaster and Emergency Except for the Border https://t.co/678oIdCKJx
## 12:19:09
RT @ThomTillis: Case closed! The Mueller Report has cleared @DonaldJTrumpJr  and the dems are now making this all about politics. Let’s mov…
## 12:17:49
RT @GOPChairwoman: While @realDonaldTrump is standing up to China’s unfair trade practices, Joe Biden says they are not “competition for us…
## 12:07:11
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump When it comes to China, we must be willing to accept short term pain for long term gain. 

Stick to y…
## 12:23:28
RT @AriFleischer: Of all the radical ideas in the D primary, this may be the most radical. This is a magnet that will make more people ente…
## 12:04:23
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Very proud to have a President do what what he said he was going to do. For decades now @realdonaldtrump has been signa…
## 02:11:48
RT @TomFitton: SPYGATE CRIMES: Nadler abuse targeting AG Barr and @RealDonaldTrump designed to distract from the fact that the DNC/Dem Part…
## 12:25:23
RT @KamVTV: The FBI should be ASHAMED! They used unverified OPPOSITION research to get a FISA warrant to SPY on an American citizen?! They…
## 12:08:40
RT @kimguilfoyle: Nolte: Trump's Job Approval Booms to Highest Mark Since Inauguration https://t.co/QtySKQ9OrP via @BreitbartNews
## 12:08:51
RT @realDonaldTrump: Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
## 12:06:27
RT @RudyGiuliani: The evidence is mounting that Comey deceived the FISA court concerning the Steele dossier. State did a quick verification…
