## 00:32:06
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
## 21:16:00
Yesterday, Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1,036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border! https://t.co/6K1rIUzorM
## 00:46:39
Great show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
## 11:57:47
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
## 21:12:49
RT @WhiteHouse: “You are ready to fly, fight, and win!” 
— President Donald J. Trump https://t.co/w6aWnp8K88
## 00:59:43
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
## 23:30:20
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
## 15:34:11
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
## 16:30:01
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
## 11:21:45
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!
## 13:41:43
Congressman John Ratcliffe, “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
## 22:23:21
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!
## 23:30:19
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
## 14:41:24
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeade
## 16:27:19
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
## 16:28:40
https://t.co/J80cxMYVDX
## 21:12:46
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to all of the brave men and women graduating from the United States Air Force Academy today! 

“You could have ch…
