## 12:38:16
Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
## 14:27:51
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
## 13:14:26
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
## 14:41:24
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp; our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp; nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
## 19:12:32
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
## 01:52:40
RT @TheHillOpinion: Shame on Robert Mueller for exceeding his role

Read the full story:
https://t.co/lbU4at5q8E

Via: @AlanDersh https://t…
## 18:11:25
.@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!
## 20:02:16
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA https://t.co/91Yk8B11bP
## 20:35:41
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/1krDP2oQvG
## 02:31:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
## 12:51:10
Congratulations to the @AF_Academy Class of 2019! https://t.co/A4Rxd1BsVn
## 18:08:33
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
## 13:30:29
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
## 01:52:12
I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!
