## 11:20:53
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
## 14:08:04
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
## 02:16:24
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion! https://t.co/74z0n2icuA
## 02:29:27
Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!
## 02:47:21
RT @LouDobbs: God Bless President Trump--- Iran's so called leaders must think they're dealing with Bush or Obama.  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Do…
## 11:20:54
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
## 02:32:36
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this! https://t.co/EMhAVWCjVf
## 17:30:35
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
## 12:13:31
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
## 12:07:33
“We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends
## 18:07:30
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
## 17:28:03
On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp; Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
## 22:39:53
Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly! https://t.co/R67IxP3QPL
## 17:40:23
See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania! #MAGA https://t.co/Ij2AjXfRZa
