## 00:57:17
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: Obama knew -- FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS @JudicialWatch is already investigating the inv…
## 00:49:36
RT @EricTrump: The Democratic Party has no message, accomplishments or leadership so all they do is harass my father &amp; our family. Congress…
## 11:21:17
RT @RichLowry: NR’s editorial:

“Not for the first time, or we expect, the last, Bill Barr’s critics are demonstrating their lack of judgme…
## 00:50:37
RT @EricTrump: .@CNN you might want to rethink your narrative - clearly people don’t like your message. Truly shocking to me that any of yo…
## 03:14:36
"The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER!" @SeanHannity https://t.co/bE13T2Kt48
## 03:09:34
The Collusion Delusion is OVER! https://t.co/sRnHoDmzFJ
## 21:33:57
Congrats to @U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING! https://t.co/XPXjxli6uc
## 01:58:10
https://t.co/S34Q0NY6Ju
## 00:53:23
RT @marklevinshow: Audience to CNN, adios
https://t.co/JvQy4oTfNj
## 00:31:57
RT @aldresser: As a Phoenix firefighter  and member of the IAFF I was surprised and pleased to learn that the only money that goes to feder…
## 00:57:48
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch FOIA disclosures help lead to criminal referral on Russiagate targeting of @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/aS…
## 16:29:21
Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
## 00:59:51
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton appeared on “Hannity” to discuss the Deep State coup effort against @realDonaldTrump : “The DNC…
## 01:00:19
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton discusses that “Obama, Biden, Clinton, Susan Rice, the DNC, John Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Kerry, McCabe, Lor…
## 01:01:44
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton: “Obama allowed his DOJ &amp; FBI to spy on @realDonaldTrump. That’s the scandal of our generation &amp;…
## 00:58:56
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments between the FBI &amp; f…
## 11:26:25
RT @ByronYork: I understand the talk about Mueller not deciding on Trump obstruction. But he did decide, didn't he? If you're investigated…
## 16:29:22
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
## 16:56:07
As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer https://t.co/1a7zphaE6z
## 00:33:40
RT @michi83: Barr: Was my letter inaccurate?

Mueller: No.

Barr: Was the media coverage of my letter inaccurate?

Mueller: Yes.
## 20:55:09
On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, &amp; we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace &amp; the eternal GLORY OF GOD! https://t.co/RtSI3j1GWH
## 11:21:52
RT @kenvogel: NEW: The BIDENS are entangled in a Ukrainian corruption scandal:
@JoeBiden pushed Ukraine to fire a prosecutor seen as corrup…
## 02:53:39
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! https://t.co/rtGfjQjc1u
## 00:59:22
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary…
