## 01:45:40
RT @DailyCaller: April Jobs Report: 263,000 Jobs Added, Unemployment At 3.6 Percent https://t.co/ham2RwREKA
## 01:49:24
RT @DailyCaller: DOJ Asks Courts To Lighten Up On Qualcomm As It Battles China For 5G Supremacy https://t.co/6CEMpAwJZF
## 20:21:11
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s FBI sent undercover agents to spy on @realDonaldTrump’s campaign.

It’s a stunning revelation of the lengths the…
## 01:44:39
Mike has been a fantastic Senator! https://t.co/WKSAfbeARz
## 15:59:36
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp; tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
## 13:19:37
RT @HH41848213: When you look at the continuous incorrect statements by Napolitano over the past 2 years, it is fair to ask FNC why they al…
## 20:46:39
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our economy:

*263,000 jobs in April, beating expectations.

*5.4M jobs created since @realDonaldTrump took office.

*Un…
## 20:03:58
“This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.” Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal
## 20:24:39
RT @JerryFalwellJr: After the best week ever for @realDonaldTrump - no obstruction, no collusion, NYT admits @BarackObama did spy on his ca…
## 01:48:39
RT @DailyCaller: Trump Cuts Off States From Skimming Medicaid Payments For Big Labor https://t.co/nWI8A8tomB
## 20:21:41
RT @MariaBartiromo: most important from @GeorgePapa19 interview @SundayFutures @FoxNews was the London Cntr for int'l law reached out to hi…
## 13:45:34
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President @TomFitton breaks down a list of lawsuits that Judicial Watch has filed to get to the truth abo…
## 13:47:08
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that a senior FBI official admitted, in writing and under oath, that the agency found Clinton email records…
## 01:49:05
RT @DailyCaller: CNN’s Tapper: Is Trump Not Getting Enough Credit For The Economy? https://t.co/zTWeMmZKF8
## 16:08:46
....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
## 14:55:18
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
## 13:45:16
RT @JudicialWatch: .@realDonaldTrump retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp; violent c…
## 14:46:47
RT @VP: Joined the pastors of  Mt Pleasant Baptist Church, St. Mary Baptist Church, &amp; Greater Union Baptist Church at what remains of Mt Pl…
## 13:48:07
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary…
## 18:03:29
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
## 20:01:49
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime), but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
## 03:32:28
RT @mike_pence: Congratulations to @derekbrownutah on becoming Chairman of the @UtahGOP! Utah’s economy is on FIRE thanks to the leadership…
## 20:22:10
RT @IngrahamAngle: Excellent decision by @realDonaldTrump! No other president has had the guts to take on the China challenge.  #AmericaNow…
## 14:48:15
RT @ericbolling: Hispanic Unemployment hit a record low today! 
Here’s a clip of a big Special “AMericA” airing today 
I chatted with a gro…
## 14:46:50
RT @VP: Honored to be with these congregations. @POTUS &amp; I are with you. Our prayers are with you. Your resilience, your faith, and your co…
