## 12:33:40
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes &amp; crime, he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
## 19:13:58
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern &amp; LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted, our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. https://t.co/YqyTYgTByD
## 12:34:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides…
## 02:48:07
RT @WhiteHouse: Tonight, the White House was lit in blue in honor of Peace Officers Memorial Day. https://t.co/Tv9nAn5M2G
## 12:34:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting wi…
## 21:29:29
RT @WhiteHouse: “America’s last major overhaul of our legal admissions policy was 54 YEARS ago. Think of that. So a major update, and that'…
## 16:53:23
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
## 21:29:04
RT @WhiteHouse: "Our plan includes a sweeping modernization of our dysfunctional legal immigration process . . . The system will finally be…
## 01:51:56
RT @Trump: Ahead of the @PGAChampionship this week, @B_Dechambeau and @DJohnsonPGA joined us at @TrumpFerryPoint in support of @Curetivity!…
## 22:11:37
.@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long! https://t.co/NyYntsX573
