## 12:14:05
RT @SharylAttkisson: When did we quit teaching/understanding that free speech means protecting the distasteful, lest we open the door for g…
## 12:15:09
RT @SharylAttkisson: When did we decide, as Americans, that it's ok fo govt &amp; 3d parties to censor/ curate our info? That we cannot be trus…
## 12:02:32
RT @DeepStateExpose: Retweet: The 'elite' proclaim America must submit to Islam or else!!! #Trump2020 https://t.co/SK91xliCUQ
## 13:49:27
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
## 18:31:06
How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp; Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
## 12:11:55
RT @PrisonPlanet: The support for me has been incredible. This could actually lead to some genuine change. Keep up the pressure. Don't let…
## 13:53:56
RT @charliekirk11: BOOM:

Despite horrendous media treatment coverage Trump stands at 51% approval rating!

They tried to defame him

They…
## 13:56:03
RT @anshulblp1996: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/JE35yONsry
## 13:54:28
RT @TrumpStudents: @realDonaldTrump With President Trump leading us, America is a BETTER and SAFER place🇺🇸
## 13:42:21
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, &amp; will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp; does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
## 17:00:12
RT @IvankaTrump: The last time the unemployment rate was this low we were about to land for the first time on the moon! 

Happy April #Jobs…
## 04:02:51
RT @DevinNunes: Perhaps the best @ChuckGrassley clip of all time... https://t.co/aMzUz516Dn
## 12:18:56
RT @iheartmindy: So James Woods was kicked off Twitter for quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson...but @TalbertSwan the racist fake man of God, that’…
## 12:34:07
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp; Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
## 13:53:28
RT @WhiteHouse: We're killing it on the economy! 🔥 https://t.co/hme0eihP9c
## 12:17:01
RT @Lauren_Southern: Lmao at establishment conservatives who think they won’t be labeled the new “dangerous” / “extremist” voices when thos…
## 01:52:31
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
## 17:53:42
Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter https://t.co/LBSfQRFZ7k
## 13:31:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: So great to watch this! https://t.co/pYoiLjM0pz
## 11:56:15
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
## 12:21:15
RT @PrisonPlanet: “Dangerous”.

My opinions?

Or giving a handful of giant partisan corporations the power to decide who has free speech?…
## 12:00:37
So great to watch this! https://t.co/pYoiLjM0pz
## 12:09:42
RT @EricTrump: Great being with the team at @TrumpGolfPhilly! Such an unbelievable course and property! This is truly one of #TomFazios gre…
## 12:15:28
RT @JeremyDBoreing: Those suggesting Facebook can ban anyone for any reason because they are a private company do not understand the platfo…
