## 04:00:03
RT @marklevinshow: Elizabeth Warren would destroy jobs and the middle class.  If elected she must be impeached. 
https://t.co/kExZZ8HYuY
## 03:52:44
We won’t Steve! https://t.co/iKr859gKEL
## 01:14:43
RT @Jim_Jordan: "Rep. Jim Jordan on House impeachment inquiry: Democrats are making up the rules as they go"

https://t.co/jagPe8DhgF
## 11:38:43
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning! https://t.co/00EXMCgQLp
## 23:24:23
Congratulations to the Washington @Nationals, 2019 World Series Champions! https://t.co/rD0HuL0fJC https://t.co/OpB9Gw2LgA
## 04:18:48
@marklevinshow Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I’m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!
## 03:58:01
RT @marklevinshow: Obama NSC holdovers — the so-called whistleblower and the two Schiff staffers — must be part of the 2016-related crimina…
## 14:51:29
Read the Transcript!
## 04:00:29
RT @marklevinshow: The walking dead: the House Democrats who lied to voters in Trump districts in 2018 to get elected. 
https://t.co/PAZEw5…
## 00:59:45
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn’t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!
## 12:58:31
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 04:00:44
RT @marklevinshow: Morrison testimony backfires on Schiff and the radical Democrats https://t.co/I1EaUfTKSf
## 05:01:09
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp; raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
## 01:08:27
Don’t miss this show! https://t.co/EhY8CNAUqP
## 03:55:53
RT @SenToddYoung: #ICYMI: Student debt is one of the biggest issues facing Americans from all states across the United States. Yesterday, I…
## 17:39:36
My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
## 14:51:26
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job, Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday! https://t.co/6MYQiI7c3X
## 14:22:09
Many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when I don’t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.....
## 05:06:29
RT @JudgeJeanine: The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do…
## 03:54:50
Good point! https://t.co/L2ZyCY8QlI
## 14:22:13
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
## 05:19:41
RT @IranIntl_Ar: #العراق: حرق جدار القنصلية الإيرانية في #كربلاء https://t.co/C4jZyZkDeC
## 05:18:13
RT @arabnews: #BREAKING: Dozens of Iraqi demonstrators have stormed the Iranian consulate in #Karbala, lowering the flag and burning part o…
## 03:59:48
RT @marklevinshow: Rats nest https://t.co/OejXeOeEkO
## 00:48:55
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker &amp; freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
## 15:09:53
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
## 11:53:00
Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
## 13:45:24
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
## 12:50:51
The Whistleblower gave false information &amp; dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
## 00:48:51
If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp; others that are &amp; were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
## 05:15:54
Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
## 01:14:21
RT @SteveScalise: Dems are using impeachment as a political tactic to damage @realDonaldTrump at the ballot box. That's a disgusting abuse…
## 13:14:30
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
## 03:59:53
RT @marklevinshow: Under Trump, black unemployment is lowest in history.  No doubt, Democrats will shout racism. https://t.co/5UXA3KLe5P
## 05:06:21
RT @JudgeJeanine: Check out my interview with @SteveScalise on the Democrats' impeachment witch-hunt and their "soviet-style" process to th…
## 12:06:39
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!
