## 19:16:17
RT @EddieRispone: 🚨8 HOURS UNTIL THE POLLS CLOSE🚨

1. Go to https://t.co/5gsPBfvdYx.
2. Find your polling information.
3. Get out and vote…
## 15:49:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for @EddieRispone to be your next Gov! He will get you…
## 00:33:20
https://t.co/YvlBpfsiTa
## 06:02:39
RT @thehill: AG Bill Barr: "Immediately after President Trump won election, opponents inaugurated what they call 'The Resistance' and they…
## 17:57:51
“Triggered,” a great book by my son, Don. Now number one on @NYTIMES LIST. Keep it there for a while!
## 18:42:56
RT @AriFleischer: The most important part of today’s hearing was Amb. Yovanovitch’s statement that she has no evidence that Trump received…
## 00:16:42
THANK YOU! #MAGA #KAG https://t.co/Pcq7IbehVp
## 15:38:34
“My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now. It is paramountly obvious watching this, these people have to go. You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp, well, dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like. Dismissing people like Kent..
## 13:56:23
RT @DanScavino: “Army 1st Lt. Clint Lorance, one of two U.S. Army officers granted clemency Friday by POTUS Trump, was released from prison…
## 23:22:52
Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
## 18:39:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: LOUISIANA, VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
## 18:48:46
True! https://t.co/ySWZMUnQfd
## 18:38:10
“I mean, come on. The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud!” Lisa Booth @foxandfriends Thank you Lisa!
## 18:44:16
Congratulations Kimberley. Great book! https://t.co/IFlMf1qIrb
## 13:08:14
Good morning Louisiana! Polls are open at 7AM. Get out and VOTE for @EddieRispone to be your next Gov! He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will protect your 2A. Find your polling place below: https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
## 06:02:08
RT @marklevinshow: Attorney General Bill Barr slams the constant efforts to undermine the president in a speech to the Federalist Society…
## 18:46:38
RT @LouDobbs: No Quid without a Quo: @KimStrassel on President @realDonaldTrump’s vindication after Morrison’s testimony. #AmericaFirst #MA…
## 18:44:38
RT @KimStrassel: Impeachment is meant to be a big deal, but Democrats and the media have accomplished the disturbing feat of turning it int…
## 15:38:36
....and Taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump, getting rid of those people, dismissing them, this is what it looks like. It was never going to be claen, they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this!” Rush L
## 13:51:34
LOUISIANA, VOTE @EddieRispone TODAY! He will be a great governor!
## 18:42:21
RT @AriFleischer: The Qs the press asked Schiff at his post-hearing news conference were friendly.  The Qs the press asked to the Republica…
## 15:18:27
Dow hits 28,000 - FIRST TIME EVER, HIGHEST EVER! Gee, Pelosi &amp; Schitt have a good idea, “lets Impeach the President.” If something like that ever happened, it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History. It’s called a Depression, not a Recession! So much for 401-K’s &amp; Jobs!
## 02:39:50
#NewHoaxSameSwamp https://t.co/GIg9R9Txe0
