## 04:38:40
https://t.co/Rya9MUlX1v
## 01:05:36
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just signed the Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture (PACT) Act into law—which makes it a Feder…
## 11:53:16
When the Military rips down an old &amp; badly broken Border Wall in an important location, &amp; replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel &amp; Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! @FoxNews
## 15:43:27
...love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
## 20:02:01
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump Pardons the National Thanksgiving Turkey https://t.co/UjbVbghSiS
## 11:19:45
RT @JennaEllisEsq: As this sham continues, remember this is supposedly an impeachment hearing — not a personnel hearing, not a policy debat…
## 04:58:51
RT @GOPChairwoman: Pelosi herself said impeachment must be “compelling,” “overwhelming,” and "bipartisan.”

After 2 weeks of sham hearings,…
## 11:33:12
I will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
## 12:44:56
RT @DailyCaller: Adam Schiff Challenger Jennifer Barbosa Attacks Him For Chasing Impeachment While Allegedly Ignoring Homeless People In Ca…
## 11:20:08
RT @HeatherChilders: Is there a 2020 Democrat who can compete on the economy? - University of Maryland business professor @PMorici1 weighs…
## 04:55:53
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will host a Keep America Great rally TOMORROW at 7:00 PM EST at @thebbtcenter in Sunrise, Florida…
## 01:05:39
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump signed the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act! 

@USTreasury will issue $1 coins commemorat…
## 04:55:11
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump met with Prime Minister @BoykoBorissov earlier today on measures to strengthen the strategic par…
## 04:39:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: “DOW, NASDAQ, S&amp;P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS” https://t.co/q8IuuuUGjb
## 11:23:44
Great job Heather! https://t.co/8OX8wkug4t
## 15:43:19
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....
## 04:16:44
“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle
## 12:42:29
RT @DailyCaller: Poll: Independents Flip On Impeachment, Now Opposed After First Two Weeks Of Public Hearings. https://t.co/hjwicx0Pys
## 04:58:09
RT @GeraldoRivera: As Democrats charge forward on #Impeachment of @realDonaldTrump despite certainty of defeat, don’t let them forget phony…
## 21:28:17
https://t.co/1EYKod0tee
## 15:43:26
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, &amp; I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise, I would....
## 04:54:27
RT @EricTrump: Great job ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and ⁦@LaraLeaTrump⁩! 

Donald Trump signs animal cruelty bill targeting 'heinous and sadistic'…
## 12:45:11
RT @DailyCaller: President @realDonaldTrump signs the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act which will direct the U.S. Treasur…
## 11:14:31
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS &amp; killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews
## 12:42:55
RT @DailyCaller: The Tide Is Turning Against Democrats On Impeachment https://t.co/xpUwqz2JP1
