## 12:02:07
RT @Varneyco: STU: "The #democrats know they can't remove @realDonaldTrump  from office but they'll go ahead with the #impeachment process…
## 11:47:30
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perfor…
## 12:03:31
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Voters everywhere have been rejecting costly climate dreams!" #NaturalGas #ClimateChange #Fracking #MyTake #VarneyCo ht…
## 11:54:11
RT @USAmbIsrael: 24 yrs ago today, the Jerusalem Embassy Act became law. It recognized Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel &amp; requi…
## 11:54:49
RT @ChadPergram: Zeldin to Kent: Do you have any firsthand knowledge of United States aid to Ukraine ever being connected to the opening of…
## 01:13:51
RT @RepDougCollins: Nadler says he is only concerned about the “appearance of an open mind,” admitting this impeachment process is pre-bake…
## 12:02:39
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Look what we have now! A growing #economy, full #employment, rapidly rising #wages, #stockmarket record highs! How do y…
## 19:25:40
....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
## 01:07:19
RT @Jim_Jordan: The “Whistleblower’s” lawyer called for a “coup” almost as soon as President Trump took office.

All the more reason why we…
## 12:00:47
True! https://t.co/dwdOnYAjlw
## 11:52:06
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: There are probably a myriad of additional reasons that Democrats have been focusing on impeachment, but none of them is…
## 11:55:01
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The George Kent transcript was just released &amp; once again there’s ZERO 1st hand info of US $ to Ukraine being linked to s…
## 04:58:38
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff, claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine” https://t.co/GhO065fd8X
## 11:53:51
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Here's Rush Limbaugh weighing in on some of my deposition exchanges with Bill Taylor from Taylor’s transcript just releas…
## 11:46:43
Good luck Vince, this will be great! https://t.co/084GASJN6e
## 12:07:28
RT @AmbJohnBolton: As we reflect this week on the horrific 9/11 attack, it’s important to remember how far we’ve come in combatting radical…
## 11:53:29
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Real Cracker Jack reporting here. What actually happened in the room is Adam Schiff made up a new rule that day that NOTH…
## 11:58:18
RT @cvpayne: All three major equity indices finished higher and at new all-time highs all while there are $360 billion in tariffs current o…
## 01:14:36
RT @HomelandGOP: Democrats are so obsessed with impeaching President Trump that they're doing nothing to fix real problems Americans care a…
## 18:52:21
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), &amp; the I.G., be part of the list!
## 12:01:48
We will win big! https://t.co/ZM01nPimh3
## 11:48:41
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: I hit the streets for another epic Man On The Street Interview. What does Americans know about Veterans Day? D…
## 11:49:09
RT @Mediaite: Fox News’ Jesse Watters: Impeachment ‘Boring’ So Far, ‘Not a Sexy Scandal,’ Americans Don’t Care About Ukraine
https://t.co/4…
## 11:55:34
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This "evidence" would be thrown out of court so quickly for all of the right reasons. Here Taylor concedes to me that his…
## 11:44:26
RT @IvankaTrump: An impactful day in Morocco, where we furthered all 3 pillars of #WGDP 🇺🇸🇲🇦⬇️
💫 Women Prospering in the Workforce 
💫 Women…
## 16:15:08
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party &amp; me, the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America! https://t.co/met2y8VoPe
## 15:37:20
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!
## 11:55:16
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The Dems/media are desperately relying on Taylor as their star witness to show there was an impeachable offense of quid p…
## 12:05:50
RT @trish_regan: “#Coup has started.” Those were the words of the so-called “whistleblower’s” attorney, TWO-AND-A-HALF YEARS before the cal…
## 11:59:29
RT @Varneyco: STU: "The #democrats are losing on policy, losing on prosperity, and their socialist front runners are being attacked by thei…
## 11:41:21
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
## 01:04:48
RT @Jim_Jordan: Republicans only have til Saturday to request witnesses for ALL open hearings.

-@RepAdamSchiff decides WHICH witnesses tes…
## 11:50:49
RT @BobEwashington: Jesse Watters nails Joe Bite Me and John Kerry in one Monologue

#TheFive https://t.co/bthgI2QQq9
## 11:52:32
RT @RogerMarshallMD: A total and complete circus! Just petty politicians trying to undo @realDonaldTrump's victory.

Now, if only the ringl…
## 11:54:32
RT @RepLeeZeldin: It appears Ambassador Yovanovitch did not accurately answer this question I asked her during her “impeachment inquiry” de…
## 11:45:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
## 11:29:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/e6dZshYFMV
## 19:31:10
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020
## 15:44:36
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book. https://t.co/yQI4ylGgDb
## 11:51:08
RT @Scavino45: On Thursday, 11/7/2019, the President signed into law:

S. 693, the “National POW/MIA Flag Act,” which honors service member…
## 11:56:33
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Volker confirmed to me during his interview that in no way, shape or form was there any quid pro quo whatsoever. https://…
## 11:55:51
RT @RepLeeZeldin: VP Pence traveled to Warsaw to communicate 2 points to Zelensky on 9/1 at POTUS' direction. Here Taylor agrees w/me that…
## 12:04:00
RT @Varneyco: STU: "As we start the new week, look beneath the #impeachment headlines, and you'll see a full #employment economy that's muc…
## 17:49:06
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
