## 23:51:30
RT @WhiteHouse: "The men and women of our military are totally loyal to our country. And every day I am President, America will always be t…
## 23:38:35
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
## 17:17:34
RT @SBAgov: #DidYouKnow small businesses create 2 out of every 3 net new jobs in the United States? 😮

Show your support for entrepreneurs…
## 23:22:09
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Top Judiciary Republican calls on committee to expand list of impeachment witnesses ahead of next week's hearing http…
## 23:48:06
RT @TeamTrump: One year ago today, President @realDonaldTrump signed the #USMCA with Canada and Mexico.

It now sits on Nancy Pelosi's desk…
## 23:45:57
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump’s deregulatory agenda unleashed American ingenuity and we are on path to becoming not just energy indepe…
## 23:45:19
RT @WattersWorld: . @realDonaldTrump won't get the nomination, Trump won't win, Stock Market will tank, Russia Collusion...These are the st…
## 23:21:55
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump? https://t.co/i3tPDJtuuA
## 23:43:34
Nancy Pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in #2020! https://t.co/lOrWm9u10r
## 23:44:07
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will host a Keep America Great rally on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:00 pm (EST) at the Giant Cente…
## 23:47:15
RT @VP: One year ago today, President @realDonaldTrump signed the #USMCA. While this Administration works FOR the American People, Speaker…
## 22:05:29
RT @PressSec: Well said. There is so much work left do be done. Let’s move past this impeachment farce, follow the lead of @realDonaldTrump…
## 22:07:31
RT @CLewandowski_: Kamala Harris aide says in resignation letter: 'I've never seen staff treated so poorly' | TheHill. If this was the ⁦@re…
## 23:11:04
Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!
## 23:51:01
RT @GOPChairwoman: Just 8 work days left on Congress' calendar this year.

Instead of attacking @realDonaldTrump, Pelosi should work across…
## 23:27:15
Robert Johnson knows business &amp; politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U.S. history! https://t.co/NalNOFG53T
## 20:06:19
https://t.co/AUoFQexhR4
## 23:50:36
An incredible experience! https://t.co/n6BNQY6dIx
