## 20:26:58
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump tells @EconClubNY "The best is yet to come" https://t.co/Au4vD5ADU2
## 11:25:11
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
## 11:32:57
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
## 20:26:40
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump gives a shout-out to @IvankaTrump for her incredible work on #PledgetoAmericasWorkers https://t.c…
## 11:45:28
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
## 11:25:15
....Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
## 03:07:37
A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
## 11:31:21
I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
## 18:45:19
RT @WhiteHouse: Newt Gingrich: "What you have is a coup being orchestrated by left-wingers in the bureaucracy, left-wingers in the news med…
## 00:57:13
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!
## 15:41:35
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! https://t.co/aFTQe293JF
## 20:27:14
RT @WhiteHouse: Under President @realDonaldTrump, unemployment hit its lowest rate in 51 YEARS! Blue-collar jobs are leading the way. 💪 htt…
