## 04:56:28
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "American special forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell." 

- President Trump speaks in L…
## 12:29:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 17:15:42
RT @GOPChairwoman: If you want to defeat the radical left and #KeepAmericaGreat, then GET OUT AND VOTE today!
 
So many strong conservative…
## 12:24:11
RT @atrupar: Zimmerman presents Trump with a customized Nationals jersey https://t.co/KUtPraHdVW
## 12:07:13
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Impeachment is all viscous politics. It will fail, and voters won't forget." #ImpeachmentHearings #Politics #Markets #M…
## 04:57:55
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "We support, protect, and defend the Constitution"

"We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement.…
## 13:25:23
....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing &amp; able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
## 12:09:51
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done! https://t.co/wasvWli9jr
## 12:28:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go o…
## 12:29:08
RT @realDonaldTrump: My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence U…
## 02:08:09
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA https://t.co/JGvKANCRqZ
## 14:05:24
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &amp;  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened &amp; bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
## 12:23:56
RT @ElizLanders: "What an unbelievable honor... this is what you dream about," Ryan Zimmerman says at the White House, and goes on to thank…
## 12:07:35
RT @Varneyco: STU: "It's crunch time. The angry left has taken over the @TheDemocrats party, and the socialists have taken over the preside…
## 12:23:38
RT @WhiteHouse: Ryan Zimmerman presented President @realDonaldTrump with a #45 @Nationals jersey! ⚾ https://t.co/lp5MCIv8R4
## 18:56:03
RT @Club45USA: Club 45 on NBC Today Show. Showing our strong support for the President! @DanScavino https://t.co/rSVQDeAhNX
## 12:29:20
RT @realDonaldTrump: All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
## 12:31:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state election…
## 18:58:07
Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida! https://t.co/0NuayEXEPn
## 12:30:00
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Whistleblower gave false information &amp; dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify…
## 12:11:14
RT @Varneyco: STU: "None of this will change. The #impeachment drive and the secret hearings will continue, but the contempt the elites hav…
## 12:30:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong…
## 13:28:37
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
## 04:55:55
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. The Democrats' outrageous conduct has created an ang…
## 04:57:11
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "So today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market. ... That's for everybody. Your 401(k)'s, ho…
## 12:47:14
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
## 17:00:14
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal. https://t.co/IYGeBqQIQ9
## 12:30:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect…
## 12:58:24
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
## 12:31:46
RT @realDonaldTrump: Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those nu…
## 13:59:03
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE! https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
## 20:42:10
KENTUCKY! #KYGov 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket! 
 
MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!

Polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below! 
https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
## 12:06:36
RT @Varneyco: STU: "Throw in strong #profits, #tradedeals, and more #economicgrowth still to come, and you can see why we have record highs…
## 12:20:19
RT @ABC: I love you all. Thank you Mr. President," Washington Nationals catcher Kurt Suzuki says, putting on a “Make America Great Again” h…
## 12:05:22
Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
## 13:25:13
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
## 17:19:46
KENTUCKY! 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket! 
 
MISSISSIPPI! 
 
Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!
 
#VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay 

Find your polling location below!
https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
