## 22:57:15
95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!
## 01:25:17
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Wow - Impeachment way under water with independents. 49% oppose, only 34% support.

The American people see through thi…
## 01:26:22
RT @ByronYork: Schiff says when Republicans use phrase 'Russia hoax,' they are denying Russian interference. Untrue. Obvious fact: When Rep…
## 22:37:34
Thank you Kevin for the nice words! https://t.co/DfY1V38EhD
## 17:05:44
“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
## 20:17:51
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp; Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
## 17:18:00
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
## 01:25:40
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Potentially huge. Stay tuned... 

“Horowitz reportedly finds evidence FBI lawyer falsified FISA doc”
https://t.co/RzSF3…
## 19:52:58
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador....
## 02:28:48
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews
## 19:52:49
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
## 17:05:49
.....Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!
## 01:25:28
RT @Jim_Jordan: “Jim Jordan says facts are on Trump's side after week of public impeachment hearings”

@BretBaier https://t.co/gBPNYvYPjW
## 16:25:37
Joe Concha, The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49% Oppose, 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.
## 15:17:06
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
