## 13:46:30
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!
## 13:47:57
Read the Transcript!
## 15:18:53
THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/e6dZshYFMV
## 05:15:05
RT @LAGOP: There were two VERY different events in Monroe today...

#GeauxVote #FireJBE #LAgov #LeadRight #KAG #MAGA #StopTheCoup #TeamTrum…
## 05:08:41
....The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
## 15:43:29
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
## 14:00:34
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!
## 15:41:53
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
## 03:24:49
RT @aldotcom: The Alabama SGA warns groups: Protest Trump during the LSU game and risk losing your reserved seating. https://t.co/8WYaFAtmw…
## 05:06:41
Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!
## 15:27:57
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources (pure fiction), about Bill Barr &amp; myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
## 03:36:49
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday, it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote

POLL FINDER: https://t.co/0rnhb4hsjk https://t.co/7RtlPqKu2U
## 03:09:29
https://t.co/uxVQ4b1iwS
## 06:49:46
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe, Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat, find your polling location below &amp; go vote for your next #LAgov, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote➡️https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU https://t.co/VLqgd5SOEc
## 15:16:15
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER &amp; NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
## 05:08:40
The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
## 05:14:46
RT @DanScavino: Check out the overflow crowd for tonight’s #TrumpRally in Monroe, Louisiana! Early voting is underway! Don’t forget to get…
## 14:51:38
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
## 12:28:41
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
