## 23:32:23
RT @JesseBWatters: This is what was asked today. Was there a bribe? No. Did anybody ask you to bribe anyone? No. Was there extortion? No. T…
## 18:06:26
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We all have the transcript of the call Schiff is asking Vindman to describe for us. We can all read it because the Whit…
## 18:11:40
RT @GOPoversight: FACT CHECK: True. 

• Republicans are on 🔥
• Democrats can’t hide the facts in their secret bunker anymore. 
• The Presid…
## 18:06:30
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I am struck by Schiff's attempt to characterize President Trump's conversation with President Zelensky as a "demand." I…
## 18:07:59
RT @GOPoversight: 📺 WATCH: @RepChrisStewart lays out the facts:

- President Trump made no "demand" of President Zelensky. 
- President Zel…
## 18:04:51
RT @GOPLeader: These questions from @DevinNunes deserve answers:

"What is the full extent of the Democrats’ prior coordination with the Wh…
## 14:03:47
NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE!
## 18:12:08
RT @GOPoversight: Schiff’s sham impeachment is collapsing. https://t.co/HJpIOmGthm
## 03:34:12
At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning, I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries. In fact, our rates should be lower than all others (we are the U.S.). Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers &amp; growth!
## 19:49:00
https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
## 23:57:52
RT @SenateGOP: It’s time for Democrats to *do their job* and ratify #USMCAnow. https://t.co/G4lL6lP5EG
## 03:37:02
RT @Jim_Jordan: In the 55 days that aid to Ukraine was delayed, President Zelensky had 5 calls and meetings with high-ranking American offi…
## 23:32:55
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Chairman Schiff is clearly not getting the answers he wants from Volker and Morrison to close this hearing.

Both conti…
## 19:27:16
RT @RepDougCollins: The Founding Fathers warned against what Democrats are doing—political impeachment simply because they don't like a pre…
## 05:15:15
Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate.” @FoxNews  In other words, she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide. Like Al Green, she wants to change our voting system. Wow, she’s CRAZY!
## 23:32:52
RT @RepMarkMeadows: So far today we have Vindman, who never met or spoke to POTUS, testifying of alarming "demands" in the 7/25 call

3 wit…
## 18:46:07
RT @SteveScalise: Important reminder from @RepStefanik: The President sets U.S. foreign policy, not unelected staff. https://t.co/GjAETob5jm
## 18:07:30
RT @SteveScalise: Pelosi now claims this charade is all about "bribery."


The problem with that focus-group-tested narrative? No witness h…
## 18:07:50
RT @Jim_Jordan: Lt. Col. Vindman says he doesn’t know the “Whistleblower’s” identity.

@RepAdamSchiff claims he doesn’t know the “Whistlebl…
## 23:32:17
RT @RepJimBanks: Very bad day for @RepAdamSchiff, @SpeakerPelosi and Democrats. #ImpeachmentSham is crumbling. 

Another witness just told…
## 16:46:26
https://t.co/HvYx12NUkS
## 19:27:18
RT @RepMarkGreen: I will speak up for my constituents in Tennessee who have had enough of this impeachment charade and want Congress to act…
## 18:06:17
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: 🚨🚨🚨 NO PRESSURE ALERT 🚨🚨🚨

Consistent with the statements from Ukrainian leaders, Vindman testifies that he did not hea…
## 18:47:43
RT @RepSmucker: What is crystal clear during these #ImpeachmentHearings are the FACTS ARE ON THE PRESIDENTS SIDE!

Nothing has changed. Not…
## 18:06:10
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats also conveniently gloss over fact that, under @realDonaldTrump's administration, Ukraine received lethal mili…
## 23:32:14
RT @SteveScalise: The Dems' new "bribery" narrative is unraveling quickly.

More witnesses confirmed today that they were never asked to br…
## 19:01:35
RT @WhiteHouse: Since the day President @realDonaldTrump took office, House Democrats have ignored working Americans to focus on their only…
## 18:44:40
RT @Scavino45: 🚨#ICYMI: Lt. Col. Vindman was offered the position of Defense Minister for the Ukrainian Government THREE times! #Impeachmen…
## 18:46:39
RT @RepLaMalfa: Following this week, there are only 2 remaining weeks Congress is scheduled to be in session this year.

While @SpeakerPelo…
## 18:05:35
RT @GOPLeader: Remember → There is still no due process in these hearings.
❌ The President doesn’t get to request witnesses.
❌ The Presiden…
## 18:04:45
RT @RepMarkGreen: .@SpeakerPelosi and @RepAdamSchiff are trying to reverse a national election out of fear and hatred of something they don…
## 18:06:35
RT @RepLeeZeldin: If Adam Schiff &amp; LTC Vindman don’t know who the “whistleblower” is, how would they know that naming the one person LTC Vi…
## 03:34:54
RT @MarkMeadows: So much of the Democrats' impeachment effort has revolved around unelected bureaucrats airing their policy grievances with…
## 18:45:27
RT @RepJimBanks: .@RepRatcliffe nails it.

Democrats poll-tested, and they found that the crime of “bribery” alarms voters the most. The on…
## 18:07:04
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨🚨 Schiff just shut down Ranking Member @DevinNunes to advise one of his star witnesses on how to answer a question about…
## 18:44:45
RT @RepRatcliffe: In the 3,500 pages of transcripts released so far, there was only one reference to bribery. Ironically to describe Vice P…
## 19:27:30
RT @MikeKellyPA: The facts are with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. This charade has never been more than political theater and the American peopl…
## 03:41:50
The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country! https://t.co/lcSs55Wo18
