## 04:52:16
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp; his son, Hunter Biden.....
## 02:53:49
RT @RepDougCollins: Great news for @GAPoultryFed, @chickencouncil, and poultry farmers across the country! Thank you @realDonaldTrump, @Sec…
## 19:15:18
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: .@RepDevinNunes is exactly right: former Ambassador Yovanovitch should not be a witness at an impeachment hearing where…
## 19:14:46
RT @HouseGOP: Why is Chairman Schiff afraid of @RepStefanik?

Why doesn’t he want Republican members to ask questions?

Why is he conductin…
## 20:40:58
RT @RepLeeZeldin: History is going to be so MASSIVELY unkind towards Pelosi, Schiff and the rest of Congressional Democrats who continue su…
## 02:51:14
RT @Jim_Jordan: Calls &amp; meetings:

7/25—Call between @POTUS and Zelensky
7/26—Volker &amp; Taylor meet Zelensky
8/27—John Bolton meets Zelensky…
## 19:17:50
RT @Jim_Jordan: We now have both the April and July calls between President Trump and President Zelensky. Once again, no linkage of any kin…
## 04:52:17
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
## 20:26:22
RT @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/gjRFvN02xO
## 20:25:30
RT @DanScavino: “Ukrainian FM Vadym Prystaiko said on Thur that the U.S. Amb did not link financial military assistance to a request for Uk…
## 20:27:08
RT @SteveScalise: The Dems' star witness was just asked on record if she had any information regarding @realDonaldTrump accepting any bribe…
## 20:26:46
RT @GOPLeader: Before Chairman Adam Schiff gets a chance to make up another phone call between Presidents Trump and Zelensky, @DevinNunes j…
## 19:16:29
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Bravo from @RepChrisStewart, who just summarized this whole hearing:

Q: "Do you have any information regarding POTUS a…
## 02:52:38
RT @Jim_Jordan: TODAY the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, Vadym Prystaiko, verified what we already knew:

“I have never seen a direct relation…
## 20:39:40
RT @EliseStefanik: Obama’s own State Dept. was so concerned about conflicts of interest from Hunter Biden’s role at Burisma that they raise…
## 02:54:22
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/tckvBQclps https://t.co/WKwdBxOkSb
## 19:15:48
RT @GOPLeader: .@RepStefanik: "I just want to get it on record. In terms of defensive lethal aid, which you were an advocate for, that was…
## 20:40:03
RT @RepMarkMeadows: The Democrats second day impeachment witness, Ambassador Yovanovitch, has no information on any of the relevant questio…
## 20:39:01
RT @EliseStefanik: The facts are clear, confirmed by our witness, Ambassador Yovanovitch: defensive lethal aid was provided to Ukraine not…
## 03:53:17
This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote https://t.co/odAuD5DFPB
## 19:16:02
RT @Rep_Watkins: Democrats didn’t like the outcome of the 2016 election, so now they’re trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump 

#KS02 #ksleg h…
## 02:50:55
RT @Scavino45: “Adam Schiff is wasting the nation's time with impeachment hearings” https://t.co/DsPD85HNtg
## 00:28:02
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
## 22:10:52
https://t.co/8h6ZmdGlPf https://t.co/shaijXMXli
