## 02:28:23
RT @RepMarkMeadows: One reason why the 'quid pro quo' narrative is a fairy tale:

Not only were Ukraine officials unaware aid was even bein…
## 02:27:09
RT @GOPLeader: Strong show of unity among Republicans today. 💯% voted AGAINST impeachment sham. 💪🏼 https://t.co/vNJDq9ZfOi
## 18:12:22
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! https://t.co/5AZHe5DT9A
## 20:55:19
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
## 21:07:37
RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump on the mission that killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi:

"American special operators executed a mast…
## 22:28:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on…
## 22:28:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!…
## 02:17:21
RT @IvankaTrump: This week @POTUS’s Interagency Task Force to combat #humantrafficking met and announced investments totaling $75M in the P…
## 22:26:52
RT @VP: Under President @realDonaldTrump, we’ve cut taxes, rolled back red tape, unleashed American energy and forged free, fair and recipr…
## 21:11:34
RT @WhiteHouse: There is serious work to get done on behalf of this country—and Congressional Democrats are blatantly ignoring it. https://…
## 16:26:02
A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
## 21:08:12
RT @1k_kilgore: Someone feeling a bit left out? https://t.co/VDsy93Blft
## 21:07:07
RT @RyanAFournier: You can call Trump a bully, racist, xenophobe, liar, islamophobe, fascist, or even a Cheeto. 

None of it's true.

THE T…
## 18:18:44
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
## 21:11:14
RT @MarshaBlackburn: .@HouseDemocrats have been holding a closed-door investigation in @RepAdamSchiff’s basement.
 
After facing intense fl…
## 21:10:22
A giant Scam! https://t.co/E2gcPaddD1
## 02:48:02
RT @TeamTrump: "While we're Creating Jobs and Killing Terrorists, the Democrat Party has gone completely insane." - President @realDonaldTr…
## 20:57:58
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
## 22:27:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
## 21:03:43
RT @danielledsouzag: The Democrats are pushing the Impeachment hoax because they know the President is going to get re-elected in 2020. So…
## 21:06:23
RT @RealDrGina: Nancy &amp; Adam: We will worry about your ridiculous fake impeachment bs when ONE of your full-time candidates can fill a stad…
## 21:01:44
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! https://t.co/b12GFXv6tE
## 02:48:33
RT @mike_pence: If you want to send a message to the Do Nothing Democrats that Kentucky and America support President @realDonaldTrump—VOTE…
## 02:20:00
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
## 21:11:26
RT @WhiteHouse: While Democrats go on with their impeachment sham, President @realDonaldTrump will continue working for the American people…
## 22:27:50
RT @realDonaldTrump: Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming…
## 02:27:27
RT @LouDobbs: Debunking Radical Dems. @RepMarkMeadows on former WH official, Tim Morrison’s testimony vindicating @POTUS. #MAGA #AmericaFir…
## 21:10:59
RT @WhiteHouse: The left's impeachment sham sure hasn't slowed President @realDonaldTrump down this week. 

See more: https://t.co/A68ueVC8…
## 22:26:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! https…
## 21:11:53
RT @WhiteHouse: When you look at what Democrats in Congress have accomplished compared to President @realDonaldTrump in just the past 2 wee…
## 22:26:03
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower? https://t.co/yalRJr8DgA
## 21:04:20
RT @ksorbs: Keep on rolling. https://t.co/5vOLzTaoRm
## 21:02:23
RT @SteveScalise: Same story, different day for Dems. 

They’ve wanted to impeach @realDonaldTrump from Day 1.

First they tried to use the…
## 22:27:52
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp; done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Ke…
## 02:27:54
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Speaker Pelosi said earlier this Congress that any impeachment effort would need to be done on a bipartisan basis.

We…
