## 14:27:40
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!
## 15:18:31
Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp; ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
## 01:22:51
Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin https://t.co/P7z7Si8I0h.
## 17:54:26
....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
## 13:15:26
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
## 12:58:57
Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, &amp; my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
## 01:03:39
Watch @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
## 13:16:48
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey @FoxNews
## 12:32:50
The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, &amp; yet, when I got home to the White House &amp; checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE &amp; CORRUPT NEWS!
## 20:33:08
RT @GOPoversight: The American people expect fairness. @RepAdamSchiff's #impeachmentcircus has been anything but fair.

Thankfully, this ci…
## 17:59:11
RT @RepMarkMeadows: A notable theme in these hearings: some career officials seem to act as though their job is to decide America’s foreign…
## 20:51:09
RT @GOPLeader: .@RepStefanik just called out Democrats for their lies about Republican support in holding Russia accountable for election m…
## 13:03:28
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!
## 19:52:10
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: This was an enlightening exchange btw HOLMES &amp; @RepRatcliffe:

Holmes could hear the Ukraine portion of the call btw Tr…
## 13:15:27
.....But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
## 19:52:18
RT @RepDougCollins: When you're trying to overturn 63 million votes and take down a sitting president, you better come up with something mo…
## 20:51:11
RT @senatemajldr: Every time the Trump administration meets Speaker Pelosi halfway on the USMCA, she tries to move the goalposts. The Speak…
## 19:52:14
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats have brought in numerous witnesses to testify about matters completely unrelated to the heart of their impeachm…
## 12:58:58
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
## 00:49:39
https://t.co/ytr7dRvbUc https://t.co/G6lGfyxSUs
## 13:08:33
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp; dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
## 01:16:47
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later, Am…
## 19:52:33
RT @Jim_Jordan: 13 conversations that Ambassador Taylor remembered.

But he didn’t remember Mr. Holmes briefing him about a call that was “…
## 17:54:25
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
## 15:18:33
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
## 12:26:31
Why do @ShannonBream &amp; @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!
## 02:47:50
https://t.co/osezECwPO1
## 13:16:50
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
## 12:31:40
During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, &amp; the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision &amp; Cook!l
## 13:30:21
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
## 14:19:31
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
## 17:58:21
RT @Jim_Jordan: A 40 minute opening statement from a guy who overheard a phone call that was “a couple minutes.”

THIS is the Democrats’ la…
## 13:34:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, &amp; yet, when I got…
## 01:11:46
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this, big win today for Republicans!
## 01:16:49
RT @realDonaldTrump: Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I ke…
