## 13:38:39
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
## 01:57:18
Thank you! https://t.co/8yUP8Pex8c
## 12:52:00
Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
## 13:52:19
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...
## 00:50:38
RT @IngrahamAngle: The Dems days of bullying the American people are over— they will not disenfranchise the voters in 2020 with a sham impe…
## 00:48:11
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! https://t.co/z0Tms6gkDy
## 01:32:45
....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
## 00:38:45
RT @IngrahamAngle: Heroin addict drags NYPD cop with his car — and wins $11 million in court https://t.co/jWsRXdljBj via @nypmetro
## 02:00:07
A great place! https://t.co/4RfSNw3RZf
## 13:33:50
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
## 21:11:28
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp; drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp; creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp; unsafe again, as....
## 14:08:17
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
## 21:40:15
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
## 21:11:29
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
## 01:32:44
....New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
## 12:09:10
Thanks Lee! https://t.co/TE5xHk3YzO
## 12:39:58
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
## 22:48:59
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
## 13:52:22
....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!
## 21:51:45
Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
## 23:16:07
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
## 00:50:14
RT @IngrahamAngle: Headline November 11, 2020: “Exit Polls link loss of more than two dozen 'moderate' Dem seats to Schiff's impeachment re…
## 03:48:12
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. https://t.co/1AxrArFJ6c
## 14:08:18
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
## 13:36:10
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!
## 12:14:36
“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!
## 03:48:46
RT @woodruffbets: New: Tim Morrison said he didn't think the president broke the law on his call with Zelensky, and that he didn't think th…
## 14:08:56
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp;P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
## 12:29:39
“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!
