## 14:11:02
RT @weatherchannel: BREAKING: #HurricaneDorian is now a Category 5 as it closes in on the Bahamas. https://t.co/iAbJpgRoFe
## 14:01:41
RT @WhiteHouse: The old, six-foot border fence in Tecate, California—installed in the 1990s—was made from salvaged military landing mats.…
## 12:27:34
RT @53rdWRS: We’ve made it back home to Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. Here’s a few photos from hurricane #Dorian 
✈️⛈🌪🌊 

#ReserveCi…
## 12:25:29
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
## 14:03:19
RT @WhiteHouse: "It is disheartening that families continue to put their lives and the lives of their children at risk of drowning and heat…
## 12:58:44
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz, Fox
## 12:27:01
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NEW: #Dorian is now a category 5 #hurricane with 160 mph sustained winds.   The eyewall of this catastrophic hurricane is…
## 14:09:50
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Thank you, @USACEHQ. 

Our administration continues to work around the clock with all of our federal and local partners…
## 14:01:51
RT @VP: Looking forward to representing President @realDonaldTrump and the US in Poland for the solemn occasion of the 80th anniversary of…
## 13:26:03
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly, @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp; profusely thanked me, even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
## 14:09:33
RT @GovRonDeSantis: While #Dorian’s path is generally more favorable compared to yesterday, we can’t let our guard down.

Floridians and th…
## 14:06:46
RT @Readygov: As you prepare for #Dorian, plan for your specific needs:

✅ Include medication in your emergency kit
✅ Charge assistive devi…
## 15:07:26
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
## 14:06:05
This is only the beginning! https://t.co/mFrtBPtCcO
## 14:08:48
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Hurricane #Dorian is now an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, with sustained winds of 175 mph. If you live along th…
## 14:01:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: “One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official…when you read this report…this is…
## 18:57:30
RT @WhiteHouse: “On behalf of all Americans, I’d like to express my deepest sympathies and sorrow for the victims and their families. We as…
## 14:10:52
RT @ABC: LATEST: Hurricane Dorian has intensified to a major Category 5 storm, threatening the northwestern Bahamas. https://t.co/fjsWABH93…
## 14:01:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! https://t.co/o49tPKdWct
## 14:11:54
RT @NWSSanAntonio: 🛰️ Satellite imagery this morning of now Category 5 Hurricane Dorian approaching the Abaco Islands in the northern Baham…
## 19:35:40
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.
## 12:26:35
RT @fema: Stay alert &amp; get prepared for #Dorian if you are in the Southeast. Monitor forecasts closely, as the storm's track can change qui…
## 14:05:26
RT @realDonaldTrump: This should NEVER happen to another President again! https://t.co/4ynSXVo9e9
## 12:27:19
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5 AM EDT Sunday, September 1 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. Conditions will be deteriorating over the A…
## 14:04:03
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents…
## 14:04:39
RT @realDonaldTrump: If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak compa…
## 14:51:46
In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
## 12:26:14
RT @NHC_Atlantic: A Tropical Storm Warning is now in effect for Hurricane #Dorian north of Deerfield Beach to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. A T…
## 14:05:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: "FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT" https://t.co/NrpeBkPbww
## 14:04:06
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even b…
## 18:57:40
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: “I ask everyone in Hurricane Dorian’s path to heed all warnings and evacuation orders from loca…
## 12:25:28
Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
## 12:58:43
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
## 13:03:11
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
