## 12:14:33
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Beyond Hurricane #Dorian and TS #Gabrielle, we're monitoring 3 other disturbances with a low chance of becoming tropical…
## 13:39:49
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
## 23:35:44
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!
## 00:49:29
....information does come out.” Charlie Hurt, Washington Times  @LouDobbs
## 23:49:22
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis, @SenRickScott, Senator @MarcoRubio, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including @FEMA, @USCG, Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
## 03:55:37
Thank you Rad - looking great! https://t.co/YeKXSNjKwW
## 17:48:23
RT @NWSColumbia: [Sep 5, 1`:25 PM] - Winds are picking back up @NOAABuoyData #41004, 47 miles SE from Charleston as #Dorian's eye moves awa…
## 12:06:25
RT @DaveNYviii: President Trump Border Update 
500 Miles of Wall Complete by Close of 2020
Irregular Migration Reduced by 50%

#BuildTheWal…
## 23:27:29
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse, ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA, who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
## 01:01:20
https://t.co/bxSiT2zQDj
## 12:14:10
RT @NWSWilmingtonNC: Video of a tornado passing near Pender County Fire Station 18 along Highway 17 near Sidbury Rd. Video courtesty of Sta…
## 20:14:05
Just as I said, Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! https://t.co/elJ7ROfm2p
## 12:13:54
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 7 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update for Hurricane #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Occurring Along Portions of the South C…
## 13:15:53
Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters, &amp; is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
## 03:43:14
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans! https://t.co/YCf2WT4XHt
## 11:22:07
RT @militarykind: The announcer couldn't even get through his speech without choking up for this sweet Army mom homecoming.❤️⚾️🇺🇸 https://t…
## 11:48:56
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
## 13:15:54
....said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
## 17:48:08
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 11 am EDT key messages on Hurricane #Dorian.  The latest full advisory is always available at https://t.co/t…
## 11:49:49
RT @realDonaldTrump: This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predict…
## 21:09:56
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5pm EDT Key Messages on Hurricane #Dorian. Life-threatening storm surge and dangerous winds and flash floodi…
## 15:45:21
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
## 23:44:08
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
## 03:08:30
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 7 pm Tropical Cyclone Update:  #Dorian lashing the Georgia and South Carolina Coast. The next intermediate advisory will…
## 13:40:53
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
## 20:18:07
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! https://t.co/gO5pwahaj9
