## 03:36:06
RT @Trump: Proud to announce that @TrumpNewYork has just been named the #1 “Best Hotel in the World!" Congratulations to our remarkable tea…
## 20:33:07
Historic Milestone indeed! https://t.co/Bn0jzvxz9Y
## 14:41:32
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
## 12:58:03
....IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp; Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!
## 03:39:21
RT @VP: Even the Washington Post, the Democrats favorite newspaper, supports passage of the #USMCA. Congress should pass it this fall and g…
## 03:35:01
RT @Jim_Jordan: Comey:
-Opened Trump-Russia investigation
-Put Peter “we’ll stop Trump” Strzok in charge
-Allowed Dossier to be used
-Leake…
## 03:35:17
RT @Jim_Jordan: Looks like we might be getting accountability for the Comey Cabal.

https://t.co/X7lMdqhnNp
## 03:34:40
RT @RepRatcliffe: If reports are accurate that the DOJ is recommending charges against former FBI Deputy Director Andy McCabe, I’m not surp…
## 03:36:53
RT @KellyannePolls: Wow. https://t.co/DJ2Stc2MhF
## 22:35:26
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!
## 14:48:29
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!
## 22:08:21
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! https://t.co/ihTYQAYWxu
## 14:41:33
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!
## 03:39:52
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee:

-First voted to take away Americans' firearms
-Then voted to impeach the guy w…
## 12:58:02
....Became Number 1 in World &amp; Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp; fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony &amp; James Comey..
