## 12:40:29
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard! https://t.co/MhJZgN0Yqc
## 12:41:34
Last night in North Carolina was incredible! https://t.co/bEfd1v77Nf
## 12:44:39
RT @realDonaldTrump: Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Doria…
## 12:43:52
RT @mike_pence: Thrilled to be here in the great state of North Carolina with a man who has been fighting every day to keep the promises he…
## 17:27:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
## 15:58:25
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore....
## 15:04:28
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
## 12:41:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murph…
## 01:08:45
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03! https://t.co/bu296fHQab
## 00:42:45
THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!! https://t.co/4uwswuHB2u
## 17:27:16
RT @realDonaldTrump: Last night in North Carolina was incredible! https://t.co/bEfd1v77Nf
## 01:54:49
RT @mike_pence: Great time stopping by Rock Store BBQ in Marshville for lunch with @jdanbishop, @MarkMeadows &amp; @DavidRouzer! Thanks for the…
## 12:45:19
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now—
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump departing the @WhiteHouse for North Carolina.... https://t.co/HtreybGIAc
## 12:43:34
RT @mike_pence: It has been two and a half years of promises made and promises kept which is why we need FOUR MORE YEARS of President @real…
## 22:12:36
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border! https://t.co/xcqxKEkfGD
## 12:42:02
RT @IvankaTrump: The Alabama Success story:

Since the Trump election..

👍🏻The unemployment rate has fallen 2.5% and reached an all time lo…
## 02:51:26
THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!! https://t.co/eEDn760Ogh
## 01:54:27
RT @mike_pence: Thank you to everyone at the @NCGOP working hard to get @jdanbishop to Washington! Keep up the great work! #NC09 https://t.…
## 14:31:46
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!
## 13:20:04
NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
## 12:42:29
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be w/ +175 leaders from gov, industry &amp; academia for the @WhiteHouse #AIinGovSummit to highlight innovative effor…
## 12:43:06
RT @mike_pence: Here in North Carolina, we believed you could be strong again and we believed you could be prosperous again. You said yes t…
## 17:27:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
## 12:45:04
RT @IvankaTrump: In August, the African American unemployment rate fell to a historic low of 5.5 %. 
African American women are benefiting…
## 14:23:33
ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
## 15:58:26
....I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
