## 10:58:26
...but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!
## 11:29:36
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
## 03:11:53
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
## 10:40:31
RT @JuddPDeere45: .... The @POTUS wishes his friend, the Amir, a speedy recovery and looks forward to welcoming him back to Washington as s…
## 10:51:05
North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
## 10:58:25
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, @MarkSanford, was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,....
## 13:43:46
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
## 02:31:00
RT @WhiteHouse: “This is a momentous occasion for the arts." @FLOTUS, who is the Honorary Chair of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Perfo…
## 02:17:38
https://t.co/NeTvaaeVTR
## 10:21:06
Maria &amp; John understood the dishonesty &amp; deception from the very beginning! https://t.co/kyYx4S56Z0
## 22:49:21
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian. https://t.co/ogQRJ3iLmr
## 13:52:47
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!
## 10:23:35
RT @MariaBartiromo: Navarro: Trump's economy is solid as a rock https://t.co/6az9d2ixWq  @SundayFutures @FoxNews
## 22:55:32
NORTH CAROLINA — Vote for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03 TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!
## 14:55:59
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!
## 21:34:41
Speaking to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop (@jdanbishop) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09 https://t.co/KmrDd9JPOh
## 13:23:23
..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, “Choice” at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!
## 17:56:23
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
## 17:49:45
...the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including...
## 10:40:33
RT @JuddPDeere45: Today, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was informed that His Highness Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, Amir of the State…
## 10:40:20
RT @FEMA_Pete: I met with @NCemergency officials today to discuss @fema support as they assess damage and address needs in hard-hit communi…
## 13:01:41
...But most importantly, @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp; Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame, &amp; all comes from the top!
## 11:08:24
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!
## 17:49:47
...the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!
## 19:48:25
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump awarded six police officers from Dayton, Ohio, with the Medal of Valor and honored five American…
## 20:08:40
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All! https://t.co/JWKwylpdiO
## 02:30:32
RT @IvankaTrump: I look forward to visiting Alabama on Tuesday! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/RlHTCOv4JK
## 17:49:44
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
## 13:23:22
As bad as @CNN is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative, but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things...
## 21:47:41
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville, North Carolina. This is amazing! https://t.co/JDv5HA126A
## 16:48:28
RT @WhiteHouse: Just now, President @realDonaldTrump honored 11 incredible patriots, each of whom stepped forward to save lives in the face…
