## 23:24:31
“@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!
## 18:57:35
RT @WhiteHouse: "With one clear voice, the United States of America calls on the nations of the world to end religious persecution." #UNGA…
## 18:57:29
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just delivered a critical message on religious freedom and global persecution.

"Our founders un…
## 15:29:11
....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp; the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
## 19:37:27
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! https://t.co/FCvUtWA33j
## 20:21:42
Thank you, working hard! https://t.co/1CpxcJOtha
## 15:29:08
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
## 00:03:56
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
## 03:03:47
https://t.co/lYQkgU9G04
## 22:44:25
94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 00:06:54
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
## 23:15:15
#UNGA https://t.co/iIZugqjEhP
## 00:03:55
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
