## 22:54:17
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
## 12:17:20
Thank you Billy! https://t.co/jLHKzhZ0Jn
## 12:24:33
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done, and probably don’t want to. https://t.co/FuWI3XP6jm
## 18:08:38
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
## 21:55:21
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount....
## 13:47:31
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
## 18:41:55
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp; Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....
## 18:20:29
I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!
## 22:50:42
PLENTY OF OIL!
## 22:50:06
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!
## 18:49:55
....Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote “In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.” True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
## 13:29:49
RT @WhiteHouse: “He is saying with a loud voice, ‘I see you, I hear you, I appreciate you, I value you and I want you all to win!’”

Paris…
## 21:55:22
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
## 13:25:06
Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
## 23:02:16
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
## 13:29:04
RT @GOPChairwoman: So awesome to see all of these college students mobilizing this early for @realDonaldTrump and Republicans! #LeadRight
h…
## 12:45:37
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
