## 02:35:16
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
## 10:14:50
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawk
## 10:45:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
## 23:17:19
....on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%), from October 1st to October 15th.
## 03:39:08
RT @kevinomccarthy: GOP 2, Democrats 0 

Revolution not retirements. Congrats Dan Bishop and Dr. Greg Murphy!

Well done @NRCC, @GOP and @N…
## 02:38:47
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
## 15:51:04
RT @dougmillsnyt: .
@realDonaldTrump &amp; @FLOTUS participate in a moment of silence at the September 11th Pentagon Observance Ceremony at the…
## 11:08:08
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/yMq3Eyiw7O @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 10:54:29
RT @realDonaldTrump: Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp; the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger…
## 12:21:36
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
## 11:07:13
RT @MariaBartiromo: China is moving to develop a more level playing field: Sen. Perdue https://t.co/97UZWyhiJu  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 22:47:46
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum! https://t.co/9Ka00qK1Ob
## 02:30:37
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp; @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
## 11:12:17
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Broward schools put this MONSTER in class with my beautiful daughter. 

They knew exactly what he was. They gave him a…
## 00:49:36
Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
## 15:50:21
RT @WhiteHouse: On September 11, 2001, the world witnessed the power of American defiance. https://t.co/ivPsnxer9h
## 01:23:36
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 04:31:29
Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
## 15:50:19
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump at the Pentagon: "The First Lady and I are united with you in grief . . . We cannot erase the pa…
## 12:12:58
....This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!
## 23:17:18
At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
## 12:19:45
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!), I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!
## 03:11:35
.@CNN &amp; @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!
## 05:08:48
Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp; the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg &amp; Dan!
## 10:42:13
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”
## 17:23:45
Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911 https://t.co/3xbEvl92py
## 03:46:47
https://t.co/eK7swFWq1A
## 01:04:25
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 00:48:19
One down, one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03
## 10:32:13
https://t.co/WqBj8iMQhx
