## 21:39:07
https://t.co/J3aTzBG7ao
## 12:08:24
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
## 12:52:04
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
## 23:56:46
The @USCG, @FEMA, and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
## 23:56:47
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!
## 15:14:20
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!
## 22:10:43
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer” https://t.co/jHkZyiJwZL
## 12:08:23
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says, “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.....
## 14:29:46
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
## 14:38:38
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
## 12:39:02
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
## 22:07:02
https://t.co/tsIMIawIxh
## 12:22:25
I agree with @jimcramer, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you can’t win them all!
## 12:20:32
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
## 13:34:17
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
## 14:29:47
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
## 05:13:32
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 51: Core of Hurricane Dorian Brushing the Coast of North Carolina. https://t.co/VqHn0u1vgc
## 13:10:12
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called, “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
## 14:35:48
Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!
## 03:28:52
RT @MadMoneyOnCNBC: .@JimCramer: Thursday’s positive economic data may get some commentators to ease up on the desire to endlessly call for…
## 03:33:33
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
## 01:21:41
Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends, by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!
## 05:13:34
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here's the 1am EDT update on #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Continue to Spread Northward Along the North Carolina Coa…
