## 00:43:10
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
## 00:53:15
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
## 17:30:32
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump gives an update on Hurricane #Dorian: https://t.co/CmxAXHY5AO
## 14:18:05
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk
## 14:01:16
RT @NHC_Atlantic: @NOAA @NWS Water levels could begin to rise well in advance of the arrival of strong winds.  The surge will be accompanie…
## 01:39:26
.....on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan
## 14:00:44
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The @NWSWPC has issued a High Risk area for flash flooding over eastern South Carolina &amp; SE North Carolina for Thursday d…
## 14:18:04
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
## 16:50:45
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The Hurricane Warning has been extended northward to the North Carolina/Virginia border, including Albemarle and Pamlico…
## 22:23:51
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! https://t.co/0uCT0Qvyo6
## 21:08:57
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
## 14:01:07
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here's the latest #Dorian storm surge forecast from this morning.  The water could reach the following heights above grou…
## 01:04:24
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbs
## 21:47:56
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military, our Vets, &amp; your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
## 21:08:58
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!

8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!
## 01:39:25
“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
## 13:52:58
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
## 21:25:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early…
