## 15:11:21
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West! https://t.co/BD6FUD6JwP https://t.co/tNMJCRD4ft
## 19:54:38
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress has an opportunity to replace NAFTA with a deal that protects American workers—and "would boost the fortunes of Am…
## 10:39:44
....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
## 10:39:43
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U.S. Coast Guard, &amp; the brave people of the Bahamas..
## 20:47:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/J3aTzBG7ao
## 20:44:53
The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book),”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
## 22:51:17
Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to..
## 20:44:54
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding &amp; deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
## 02:45:46
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/chGpYgkmo7
## 21:22:25
RT @BreitbartNews: Everything is on the line. "...the Democrats will move for an outright repeal of the Second Amendment," said @RepMoBrook…
## 10:52:36
I want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts &amp; two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!
## 13:14:46
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol
## 21:43:00
RT @PoliticalShort: “News coverage of President Trump has been 92% negative. The most egregious and dangerous forms of this bias thrived th…
## 21:41:57
RT @BreitbartNews: Elizabeth Warren promises to declare war on American energy. 
"I will ban fracking—everywhere." https://t.co/YEenw2MUfV
## 19:42:27
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/NeTvaaeVTR
## 19:58:37
Our Economy is doing great!!!!! https://t.co/JnnEbyWQek
## 00:28:21
https://t.co/sQ70fKcTjV
## 03:05:01
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
## 21:41:53
RT @BreitbartNews: Swedish behavioral scientist Magnus Söderlund has suggested that eating other people after they die could be a means of…
## 19:54:55
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: New from @BLS_gov - in August, the #unemployment rate remained at 3.7%, and has been under 4% for 18 consecutive months,…
## 19:55:51
RT @VP: The United States stands without apology for a strong, prosperous, and free United Kingdom and we fully support their decision to l…
## 21:39:02
RT @JudicialWatch: .@realDonaldTrump retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp; violent c…
## 13:51:21
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great! https://t.co/FT2ERbVPf6
## 13:48:36
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
## 11:08:27
The Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp; @AshleyRParker, two nasty lightweight reporters, shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING &amp; FAKE. Also, add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer! https://t.co/7d33tzKxXq
## 22:51:18
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
