## 22:17:21
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!
## 21:51:11
RT @IvankaTrump: .@WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker together w/ the private sector is working to equip students + worker…
## 21:50:30
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
## 14:39:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They…
## 14:39:02
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forw…
## 14:35:59
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! https://t.co/kSX3ROI4QG
## 14:35:49
So important. Should have been done years ago! https://t.co/TFIqsaZWBt
## 14:34:44
RT @Scavino45: “More Winning: American Jobless Claims Drop to Lowest Level Since 1969” https://t.co/eBGUs7GlSU
## 14:34:11
RT @Scavino45: “Former Harvard law students praise Kavanaugh in letter”
https://t.co/1ihzCwPToF
## 14:33:57
RT @Scavino45: “Senate GOP breaks record on confirming Trump picks for key court” https://t.co/CB5Zsl5iSG
## 13:04:44
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
## 12:51:45
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp; we are raising rates - Really?
## 12:43:05
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
## 12:31:18
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
