## 22:44:12
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie! https://t.co/6erqWJzuiK
## 22:36:02
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
## 22:34:22
...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
## 22:34:21
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
## 22:31:20
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
## 22:29:06
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He h…
## 22:29:05
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August…
## 22:28:21
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
## 22:28:20
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
## 21:20:37
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! https://t.co/JWCaJ3GhHV
## 19:31:31
🇺🇸🇮🇹 https://t.co/1SSUCRtMEE
## 17:22:27
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/5t4QVsKKqH
## 12:06:39
RT @GOPChairwoman: “David Burritt, U.S. Steel's president and CEO, said the company was experiencing a ‘renaissance’ and credited @realDona…
## 11:57:34
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
