## 05:55:24
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp; is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
## 06:03:29
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
## 06:12:05
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
## 10:57:06
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:
https://t.co/iEOeGV6YBI
## 14:12:41
Thank you #NATO2018! https://t.co/nk85QBv1u7
## 15:00:43
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump's shadow is reflected on the wall as he makes a statement and answers questions as he departs the NATO…
## 15:00:54
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump &amp; @FLOTUS walk off Air Force One as they arrive at London Stansted Airport in Stansted, England. https:…
## 15:10:51
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May.” https://t.co/ex9jizOyAV
## 16:32:21
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! https://t.co/6NI6AqL0xt
## 17:52:33
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
