## 09:16:26
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instanc…
## 09:17:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars f…
## 09:18:40
This is now changing - for the first time! https://t.co/bRgrMbdDPp
## 09:43:04
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
## 09:46:55
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
## 09:53:13
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
## 09:57:53
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
## 18:17:37
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
## 12:44:05
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. https://t.co/AIgJMyT7qS
## 11:34:32
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp; over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
## 11:24:13
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
## 10:08:23
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
