## 04:28:10
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania are wheels down in Helsinki, Finland...photo via motorcade en route to hotel.…
## 04:28:24
RT @SecPompeo: Landed in #Finland for #helsinki2018 where @POTUS &amp; Prez Putin are set to discuss US/Russian relations. POTUS meeting is in…
## 22:53:47
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
## 20:34:07
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/Q2Y1PhM9au
## 20:29:54
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/XdlrJWLPIh
## 19:40:23
As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
## 16:51:20
Thank you Helsinki, Finland! https://t.co/rh4NUjPSwU
## 16:11:26
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland: https://t.co/fadLMDuGiY
## 08:56:58
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! https://t.co/NOUTroe8MV
## 06:05:29
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
## 05:37:05
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp; did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
## 05:23:50
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp; future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp; rich!
