## 17:03:03
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
## 16:18:12
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
## 16:18:11
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
## 16:18:10
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
## 16:11:13
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
## 13:40:55
RT @realDonaldTrump: The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Admini…
## 13:40:23
RT @Scavino45: “Criminal Illegal Alien Deported 11 Times Attacked Woman with Chainsaw, @ICEgov Says”
https://t.co/wU7rk1OOzj
## 13:33:15
RT @Scavino45: “Asylum-Seeking Central American Discovered to Be MS-13 Gang Member” https://t.co/76ZizQSNKI
## 13:33:14
RT @Scavino45: “Texas grand jury indicts MS-13 gang members after machete attacks” https://t.co/GGTCEDOcVh
