## 00:16:32
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
## 00:57:19
RT @Scavino45: “We met today...to launch a new phase in the relationship between the U.S. &amp; the EU – a phase of close friendship, of strong…
## 01:01:08
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
## 01:07:28
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
## 22:48:40
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
## 22:48:38
.@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
## 21:43:13
PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/vR2R5WXPVD
## 21:12:45
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois! https://t.co/6RsUvGF6rg
## 15:22:39
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
## 14:52:18
This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! https://t.co/SXfkk12Uig
## 14:11:30
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
## 11:46:09
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
