## 02:37:00
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! https://t.co/lJTcr6JHBW
## 03:50:54
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
## 22:45:56
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
## 20:08:06
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
## 19:23:07
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/evO63CpqPP
## 18:16:46
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful! https://t.co/tOqkzqGVG7
## 16:20:37
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! https://t.co/vnmMtPv0kk
## 16:12:14
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! https://t.co/xeAPwAAOXN
## 15:58:45
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
## 15:53:20
...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
## 13:17:09
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
## 11:56:15
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
## 11:38:32
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
## 11:26:20
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
## 10:56:17
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! https://t.co/yEP1jK57xi
