## 23:04:20
RT @Scavino45: “@realDonaldTrump tells @ICEgov agents: ‘We always will stand with you’” https://t.co/o1P17H7IVq
## 20:20:39
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
## 20:12:15
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend..
## 19:35:14
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
## 19:09:19
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
## 19:09:18
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
## 19:09:17
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
## 13:13:59
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
## 12:42:52
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
## 12:30:04
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
## 12:00:13
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong…
## 11:59:30
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schume…
## 11:59:26
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almos…
## 11:58:09
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
## 11:52:49
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? https://t.co/kXLCKZO5Fr
## 11:44:00
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
## 11:31:52
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp; public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp; President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”
