## 00:39:17
So Revealing! https://t.co/wR0Z4694ei
## 02:01:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
## 17:37:49
....Richard Cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas, that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
## 03:05:14
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts, the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
## 03:21:36
.@Erik_Paulsen, @Jason2CD, 
@JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
## 17:38:27
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected, strong on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
## 00:14:17
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it, and fully understand!
## 00:00:23
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People,” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
## 03:19:42
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border, Military, Vets, 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
## 12:53:03
“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish, I think we’re going to be right back to our 2,800 to 2,900 target range that we’ve had for the S&amp;P 500.” Scott Wren, Wells Fargo.
## 02:11:37
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
## 03:07:15
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border, Military, Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
## 03:13:13
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
## 12:25:07
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all, he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!
## 00:31:36
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
## 12:12:25
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky, who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent, has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime, the Border, Tax Cuts, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment, we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
## 12:33:39
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down, I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model, High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!
## 15:10:39
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
