## 15:41:19
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
## 18:48:29
Whether you are African-American, Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST! https://t.co/hwDICbpOT7
## 13:55:48
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not, we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
## 17:23:31
I would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country, and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody. https://t.co/UFjwjjUkLd
## 17:59:12
I want to applaud the FBI, Secret Service, Department of Justice, the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York, the NYPD, and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work, skill and determination!
## 14:19:39
Republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate, what is going on. Republicans, go out and vote!
## 07:14:39
Funny how lowly rated CNN, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing, yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream, “it’s just not Presidential!”
## 21:47:16
If you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up, if you never quit, if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve, and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018 https://t.co/Uqmw5fLmxW
## 18:22:12
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders... https://t.co/lIlZBxKjuG
## 14:05:49
Twitter has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship, now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
## 21:22:40
It was my great honor, thank you! https://t.co/U2Nt1hpaVv
