## 14:17:01
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100, it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
## 14:01:13
RT @ChatByCC: While armed with the power of our Vote, we proudly &amp; peacefully revolted

Never doubt this was an American revolution

#MAGA…
## 17:38:08
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/6HQVaEXH0I
## 19:29:27
“U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead” https://t.co/Snhv08ulcO
## 12:16:41
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly, this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
## 22:17:48
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
## 13:54:58
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process, Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
## 22:58:21
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate, and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer, @Jason2CD, @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
## 02:23:11
Wow, such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy, look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
## 00:01:09
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight, in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365. https://t.co/ZwDmDthItD
## 19:17:28
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism: https://t.co/ajFBg9Elsj https://t.co/Qr56ycjMAV
## 13:34:16
Our country’s great First Lady, Melania, is doing really well in Africa. The people love her, and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
