## 13:23:34
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA https://t.co/UbY7Qu2fMt
## 12:53:35
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old, boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
## 14:05:28
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and, separately, Services. Market up!
## 03:56:24
RT @DHSgov: REMINDER: Tomorrow, 10/3 at 2:18 PM EDT, there will be a nationwide test of the Wireless Emergency Alert system, in coordinatio…
## 12:35:52
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all, he always gets what his district, and our country, wants and needs. Strong on Crime, Border, Military, Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
## 01:18:08
Thank you Mississippi - I love you! https://t.co/eH6x1NBNQG
## 02:58:22
Thank you Mississippi - Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/npnRirjcFG
## 14:13:42
Mexico, Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now, because of the USMCA, work very well together. Great Spirit!
## 14:35:48
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call, we will work well together!
## 14:02:10
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement, and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
## 02:15:03
“National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by Glassdoor, it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon....” https://t.co/G0Ts6yVqF9
## 13:04:02
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time, a presidential record, by far, for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
## 13:16:08
https://t.co/w04sqlMIYm
## 14:29:25
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
## 02:18:03
Today, my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
## 01:25:33
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/pquqyy5S3G
