## 16:29:47
RT @NOAASatellites: Watch as the eye of #HurricaneDorian2019 begins to form in this 1-minute visible loop from NOAA's #GOESEast. "Dangerous…
## 12:06:41
General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
## 16:30:02
RT @fema: Prepare today and stay informed as #Dorian approaches. 

✅ Follow @Readygov for information on how to prepare and visit https://t…
## 19:12:50
This should NEVER happen to another President again! https://t.co/4ynSXVo9e9
## 23:54:24
....pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs
## 12:28:19
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
## 18:53:51
“One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official…when you read this report…this is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump, President Elect-Trump, and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup." @RepPeteKing https://t.co/eThclvr5Ke
## 13:55:41
....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players), we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
## 14:10:13
If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
## 13:55:00
https://t.co/Ldpr6vjGdp
## 18:57:59
"FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT" https://t.co/NrpeBkPbww
## 18:05:03
Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! https://t.co/o49tPKdWct
## 23:37:50
Just arrived at Camp David!
## 12:12:09
RT @club4growth: Agreed, @SenTedCruz &amp; @taxreformer. We’re not tired of all this winning. @realdonaldtrump should boost our already winning…
## 21:39:54
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities &amp; is weak on Crime, Military &amp; Vets!
## 12:54:41
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
## 20:00:31
https://t.co/ufd7tsGyAx
## 12:15:43
RT @MeetThePress: . @chucktodd asks: How could you say Trump is a free-market conservative as he issues tariffs?

@DavidMMcintosh: "What we…
## 12:11:36
An idea liked by many? https://t.co/Ev9uqa1hoj
## 12:15:54
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: Club for Growth president David McIntosh defends his organization's support for President Trump despite the trade…
## 13:17:25
Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.” @fox&amp;Fs
## 17:44:45
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. https://t.co/z0iDj2L0Y3
