## 19:36:06
RT @kimguilfoyle: Ambassador @RichardGrenell doesn’t waste his time with PR stunts and he doesn’t have to. President Trump has repeatedly p…
## 19:33:09
RT @RandPaul: Why is the United States always stuck paying for everyone when prosperous nations don’t pay their fair share? @RichardGrenell…
## 04:03:51
RT @marc_lotter: STRONG! "The American economy is doing very well [under @realDonaldTrump] &amp; wages are up, but we cannot rely on the media…
## 19:32:03
RT @WhiteHouse: JUST ANNOUNCED: President @realDonaldTrump will enforce a Clinton-era law to ensure that non-citizens do not abuse our publ…
## 19:50:11
RT @DiamondandSilk: .@DiamondandSilk on @LouDobbs talking about who's really playing the "Race Card" https://t.co/y6Wv2ZyK1E
## 19:31:56
Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
## 22:30:03
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump in Iowa

VS. 

Mayor @BilldeBlasio in Iowa https://t.co/BN9eaQyJmI
## 19:38:59
RT @USEmbassyWarsaw: .@USAmbPoland: “Poland meets its 2% of GDP spending obligation towards NATO.  Germany does not.  We would welcome Amer…
## 03:56:14
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has signed the LEGION Act, allowing the @AmericanLegion to extend benefits to 6 million addition…
## 03:52:08
RT @GOPChairwoman: While 2020 Democrats like Joe Biden threaten to eliminate all fossil fuels and wipe out Michigan’s auto industry, @realD…
## 22:30:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: 2020 Democrats have been peddling their socialist policies in Iowa while ignoring something that would help all Iowans:…
## 19:33:43
RT @TrumpWarRoom: "No battle is over in a minute. If it is, it wasn't worth fighting.” America's great farmers are standing firmly behind @…
## 22:28:29
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is ensuring that non-citizens do not abuse American's public benefits.

The Public Charge Rule wi…
## 19:38:24
RT @ArthurSchwartz: They call it “Thursday” at the Amazon Washington Post.  

Washington Post 'embarrassed' over gaffe-filled story needing…
## 03:53:11
RT @GOPChairwoman: America's farmers support @realDonaldTrump! https://t.co/nFSkewSUUM
## 19:47:42
Two great and loyal friends! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
## 04:01:28
Thank you NEGOP! https://t.co/S5A24nleW8
## 21:26:32
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
## 04:02:50
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden: “Poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.” https://t.co/YhDSMnoRce
