## 23:57:55
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. I’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!
## 12:34:53
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 22:50:25
Thank you @TedCruz, I couldn’t agree more! https://t.co/MGq0xXin0s
## 18:23:19
RT @CLewandowski_: Lewandowski on potential NH Senate run: If I run, 'I'm going to win' | TheHill https://t.co/NSsEvmtNgR
## 19:24:09
Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
## 18:25:31
Doing really well! https://t.co/UndcviEiML
## 12:22:56
.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
## 18:24:39
RT @MariaBartiromo: Lindsey Graham on IG investigation into Russia probe: I want the American people to see what happened https://t.co/gM0y…
## 18:27:56
We are doing very well with China, and talking!
## 12:22:55
The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp; his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
## 22:03:17
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp; the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
## 19:15:55
Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
## 18:24:28
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@LindseyGrahamSC Sen. Graham: The dream of every leftist is to have a liberal court enacting laws from the bench https…
## 12:26:09
With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!
