## 18:34:59
Jesse &amp; Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!!! https://t.co/ja7iAN1ypO
## 08:05:04
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz https://t.co/ISQRFz7kJO
## 23:10:47
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!
## 18:32:09
RT @WhiteHouse: .@USTradeRep Lighthizer on today's trade announcement: "It has 3 parts—agriculture, industrial tariffs, and digital trade .…
## 05:45:18
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
## 22:53:36
A disgrace! https://t.co/fXss6eixS1
## 15:25:16
RT @WhiteHouse: JUST NOW: President @realDonaldTrump and Prime Minister @AbeShinzo announced a trade deal. 

"This is a tremendous deal for…
## 22:58:18
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch Director of Investigation Chris Farrell joins 
@SebGorka on America First to discuss the federal court he…
## 18:30:58
RT @WhiteHouse: "Our relationship with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo and Japan has been, I think, the best it's ever been." —President @realDon…
## 15:47:31
Happy Birthday Sean! https://t.co/iQgY6RTWST
## 22:36:59
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name…
## 23:30:29
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
## 18:37:26
RT @realDonaldTrump: The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than e…
## 22:59:22
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that U.S. District Court Judge ordered the FBI to conduct a search w/in 60 days for records of communicatio…
## 05:41:40
....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
## 18:28:20
Happy Birthday Vince! https://t.co/trOf5Ivmwq
## 23:14:08
No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice! https://t.co/aXeUWcPTc1
## 22:55:08
RT @JudicialWatch: Dozens of foreign nationals with shady backgrounds have vanished from the FBI’s radar after the agency brought them to t…
## 22:59:46
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton on @LouDobbs: “The more we learn about #SpyGate targeting of Trump, the worse it looks for the Obama adminis…
## 22:57:41
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced it received records of 14 referrals of FBI employees to the organization’s Office of Professional Responsib…
## 16:40:25
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Who’s 1st leader POTUS chose to sit with for bilat here at #G7 in Biarritz? UK’s new prime minister Boris Johnson. 

“…
## 18:38:47
Thank you Eric. So true! https://t.co/9hhVOp2whc
## 15:50:29
Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!
## 22:58:35
RT @JudicialWatch: CREDIBLE Evidence Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother--'We're Not Sure Her Last Name is Omar!' WATCH MORE HERE: https://t.co/…
## 22:54:38
RT @JudicialWatch: Americans need an Intelligence Committee that can be trusted, and Representative #AdamSchiff has proven that he cannot b…
## 23:40:18
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House! https://t.co/Qadi7uD5U4
## 15:58:28
Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC &amp; @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile &amp; others on Fox. Not what it used to be! https://t.co/Uo51Yn5PTX
## 16:35:19
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she’s on @FoxNews!
## 19:23:23
Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz https://t.co/OdA4SQxUYf
## 18:29:35
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump met with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson to discuss the special relationship between the United Sta…
## 05:41:39
Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to “will” America into..
## 18:36:51
USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it! https://t.co/lloDwZr4iN
## 18:31:43
RT @WhiteHouse: "We have excess corn in various parts of our country with our farmers because China did not do what they said they were goi…
## 18:31:09
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump never stops working on behalf of the American people! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/7sO7Oyo6A9
## 17:30:21
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, “Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
## 18:30:32
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: "Thus far, this has been really a great G7. And I want to congratulate France." #G7Biarritz htt…
## 16:38:12
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
