## 01:33:03
Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020 https://t.co/roM2WNmUSP
## 11:00:37
RT @senatemajldr: As we commemorate #DDay75, let us give thanks for the valiant Allied soldiers who helped turn the tide of the Second Worl…
## 12:00:41
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
## 01:23:10
Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan! https://t.co/VC1oNdcLEy
## 16:28:23
Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC! https://t.co/DW7HDA0WEK
## 20:57:30
Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
## 10:59:43
RT @senatemajldr: My statement regarding President Trump's call for bipartisan, bicameral cooperation following the mass murders in El Paso…
## 10:47:43
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
## 17:51:23
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
## 12:36:44
As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!
## 10:57:12
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
## 16:24:54
Thank you Mr. Wonderful, I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC https://t.co/8n5qcTVSp2
## 02:04:47
Thank you @PeterSchweizer! https://t.co/TZxmiouWOm
## 17:51:24
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
