## 11:29:06
This despite the Fake News and Polls! https://t.co/DksmF8hTr7
## 21:00:32
....Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very....
## 14:59:03
Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, &amp; they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and, frankly, would be far....
## 04:04:50
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Today is the day: book is out. https://t.co/1w1oZzUrWX
## 04:02:51
RT @KimStrassel: How did a private citizen--Fusion GPS head Glenn Simpson--command so much attention from high-ranking officials?
 https://…
## 03:26:23
RT @MariaBartiromo: The economy is poised to continue to expand: Kansas City Fed President https://t.co/MCs8DXQ2yB  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusi…
## 22:04:25
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!
## 03:49:31
RT @GOPoversight: “It’s kind of troubling to think some Democrats [are] almost wishing for a recession because they think it helps them pol…
## 03:32:01
RT @VP: Thank you, Utah! https://t.co/GOvig2ZZ5p
## 03:56:22
RT @MZHemingway: The Democratic Party Is Becoming Unsalvageable – Tablet Magazine https://t.co/JMjMZOPZLp
## 03:28:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! https://t.co/nNF26OQL6i
## 03:31:31
RT @ericbolling: A response to @RashidaTlaib and @IlhanMN regarding our great ally #Israel 

Share this far and wide so that these two US R…
## 10:49:11
94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!
## 19:01:20
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
## 14:59:04
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR &amp; REFUSE,....
## 04:04:23
RT @USAmbIsrael: Please read my attached statement with regard to the decision of the Government of Israel to deny entry to BDS activists,…
## 03:52:00
RT @SaraCarterDC: Talking about the BREAKING release of Bruce Ohr 302s tonight on @seanhannity with @Jim_Jordan and @jsolomonReports https:…
## 03:26:57
RT @MariaBartiromo: Another informant the FBI decided to turn on.   Unbelievable.   ⁦@MorningsMaria⁩     ⁦@FoxBusiness⁩ Former Overstock CE…
## 13:01:33
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
## 03:27:25
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, to legendary @NB…
## 03:54:18
RT @TomFitton: Biggest story anti-@realDonaldTrump media is hiding: Obama FBI/DOJ, and State Dept colluded with Bruce Ohr, his wife, and Cl…
## 03:27:40
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/6H0ZF1qZZ1 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 03:43:23
RT @VP: Under the #USMCA Utah will have more jobs, more opportunity, and more prosperity. Congress needs to pass the #USMCA for the people…
## 03:45:52
Happy birthday James! https://t.co/nx5yo7ajTt
## 03:58:57
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: I don’t get it. Why limit it to the world? Shouldn’t we aspire to more? https://t.co/In30uJX3YQ
## 03:51:53
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: FBI 302 reports of Bruce Ohr released to @JudicialWatch. Confirm FBI warned that [Steele?] was "desperate that @Re…
## 03:57:35
RT @KimStrassel: If you watched this week's liberal excesses with anger/frustration, and are worried about the damage the Resistance is doi…
## 14:57:40
....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
## 03:42:02
RT @WhiteHouse: "You're one of the all-time greats in the history of sports," President @realDonaldTrump told basketball legend Bob Cousy i…
## 03:56:10
RT @MZHemingway: EXCITING NEWS: I've written a book on the Kavanaugh confirmation with the inimitable @JCNSeverino. We interviewed more tha…
## 14:59:05
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
## 03:49:50
RT @Jim_Jordan: Business owners and hard-working Americans tell us every day how great the economy is under President Trump.

But now the L…
## 04:04:05
RT @KimStrassel: I just started reading my copy last night. Fantastic book! https://t.co/ar7IE8G7Hz
## 21:00:33
...Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
## 04:05:22
RT @Varneyco: Are #Democrats too extreme when it comes to #GunControl? @DavidAsmanfox is joined by @KimStrassel of @WSJ to discuss how gun…
## 03:27:53
RT @WhiteHouse: Bob Cousy is celebrated as one of the greatest players in the history of basketball.

Off the court, Cousy fought racism an…
## 03:47:23
RT @WhiteHouse: Because of you, America is safe.
 
Because of you, America is strong.
 
Because of you, America is free.
 
And because of y…
## 11:24:51
..willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
## 03:41:26
.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders &amp; the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military &amp; Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
