## 13:03:35
RT @FLSERT: Make sure to have a tank full of gas and stock your vehicle with emergency supplies in case you need to evacuate. Listen to dir…
## 11:54:21
RT @JimInhofe: Proud @AmericanAir announced they're bringing more than 400 jobs to Tulsa. As a pilot myself, I know how vital maintenance t…
## 12:06:30
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy! https://t.co/T4i0UYqLqd
## 13:02:58
RT @RedCross: Make a blood donation this #LaborDayWeekend and you'll receive this free tote bag while supplies last to carry everything you…
## 13:00:42
RT @HealthyFla: For full list of all evacuation shelters, visit: https://t.co/wj3wNyMW0m you or a loved one have #specialneeds, visit https…
## 11:58:48
RT @JerryMoran: As the chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, @SenatorIsakson has led significant efforts to transform the VA…
## 12:06:27
RT @SenToddYoung: I saw some of the handiwork of the engineering students at Rose Hulman Institute of Technology, including a concrete cano…
## 14:04:39
Dan will be GREAT! https://t.co/5zfVFweUCh
## 12:06:48
RT @SenateGOP: On this day 99 years ago, the 19th Amendment was adopted to our Constitution, securing for women the right to vote.
 
Today…
## 12:11:32
RT @JimInhofe: A historic meeting with U.S. military &amp; Mexican officials protecting both sides of our southern border. Due to joint coopera…
## 13:02:12
RT @SFLRedCross: As you get #RedCrossReady for #HurricaneDorian, keep in mind this important distinction between pre-storm evacuation shelt…
## 11:58:44
One of the greats! https://t.co/14o0j9aZfj
## 19:06:47
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!
## 11:45:36
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border! https://t.co/gR71Z1Au8B
## 15:18:00
RT @NWS: Here are the latest Key Messages on Hurricane Dorian from @NWSNHC https://t.co/VRiU5VYSJX
## 11:53:22
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans are unified against any court packing schemes. We promise this: while we remain members of this body,…
## 11:51:09
Great job Thom! https://t.co/N8mHjP1PHI
## 11:58:45
Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni! https://t.co/vqvW5I8ngI
## 13:01:43
A great team, working hard! https://t.co/QeGuomKBir
## 13:09:45
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 12:11:55
RT @SenateGOP: 🇺🇸 @SenatorWicker meets with @USCG rescue swimmers at Air Station Kodiak. 

⁣On average, the brave men and women of the Unit…
## 13:03:30
RT @FLSERT: Find the latest information, on #HurricaneDorian&gt;&gt;&gt; 
https://t.co/Dn8xfWBr2W #flprepares https://t.co/JinCfSiUL2
## 12:00:24
An amazing guy, respected by all! https://t.co/S814IXvHc4
## 11:53:01
RT @SenKevinCramer: Like the rest of the Democratic party platform, this court-packing scheme is nothing more than a sloppy regurgitation o…
## 12:06:54
RT @senrobportman: Today I saw firsthand the critical and innovative research and ground tests for the international space community being…
## 13:02:31
RT @RedCross: The free Red Cross Emergency App puts real-time weather alerts, open Red Cross shelter locations and #hurricane tips in the p…
## 04:17:21
RT @SenThomTillis: Unreal: the fmr Fed Chair is lobbying the Fed to use its authority to meddle in the election to defeat @realDonaldTrump.…
## 12:06:46
RT @SenatorLankford: As I travel around the state, a lot of people ask about securing the US-Mexico border &amp; what Congress can do to fix th…
## 11:51:05
RT @MarshaBlackburn: The independence of our judicial branch is under attack.
 
Our Democrat colleagues’ threats to pack the Court are an e…
## 11:59:08
RT @JohnBoozman: The #ServingARVets tour has been a great week traveling across the state meeting with #veterans, visiting vet-owned busine…
## 11:58:57
RT @SenateGOP: .@SenatorIsakson serves the people of Georgia with honor, distinction and deep devotion. Johnny is a true gentleman.   A pow…
## 12:11:39
RT @SenCapito: Highlights from today’s @HINOTRUCKSUSA visit 🚛🚚 Although #WV has a vibrant automotive industrial cluster, this facility is t…
## 13:00:58
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 8/31 8 AM EDT: There's been a notable change overnight to the forecast of #Dorian after Tuesday. It should be stressed th…
## 11:54:05
RT @SenatorBraun: Representing Indiana on the @SenateAg Committee means it’s so important to sit down with Hoosier farmers to dig into what…
## 18:29:37
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
## 04:13:39
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm, please prepare and be safe! @FEMA @NWS @NOAA @Readygov @FLSERT https://t.co/Fee9EB1wQk
## 12:11:15
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado! https://t.co/OmsGvWL9E3
## 14:00:32
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
## 11:51:49
RT @SenatorTimScott: A very happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps Reserve! We are truly honored to have such outstanding men and…
## 20:14:14
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal
## 13:01:10
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5 AM EDT Saturday, August 31 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian.  A prolonged period of storm surge and hurr…
## 12:11:16
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs
## 12:11:17
RT @IvankaTrump: Fact: Thanks to pro-growth policies of this Administration, Americans are earning more. 

Since the passage of Tax Cuts, r…
## 19:08:05
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low, just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas! https://t.co/iBS1UQul7A
## 12:06:25
RT @senrobportman: I will continue to work in Washington to ensure that @NasaGlenn has the support it needs to carry out it’s vital mission…
## 13:07:49
I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!
## 12:58:29
...Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
## 12:59:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early…
## 12:06:26
RT @SenatorRomney: As a major export state, Utah’s agricultural industry would greatly benefit from #USMCAnow. Hosted a roundtable this eve…
## 13:02:45
RT @RedCross: Serving the military is part of what we do. For these #MilitarySpouses, joining the Red Cross as a volunteer helped them get…
## 14:24:01
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
## 22:35:12
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
## 13:02:05
RT @RedCross: When it comes to hurricanes, preparation is key. Here's what you can do now to make sure your pets are well taken care of in…
## 19:06:26
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,....
## 11:51:28
RT @senjudiciary: “This attempt by Democrats to intimidate the Court is highly inappropriate,” said Chairman @LindseyGrahamSC. "The Left is…
## 13:03:23
RT @fema: As you plan for Hurricane #Dorian, consider the specific medical needs of all members of your household. Planning ahead can save…
## 11:51:01
RT @SenatorEnzi: The Supreme Court should rule in cases only as the law dictates, without regard to the identity of the parties or politics…
## 12:52:12
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!
