## 11:58:42
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
## 02:15:17
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
## 11:59:32
RT @mike_pence: Four more years means more JOBS, more JUDGES, more SUPPORT FOR OUR TROOPS, and four more years of draining the swamp! #MAGA…
## 01:18:17
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight — with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020 https://t.co/wDN5B4Gp87
## 02:44:34
THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020 https://t.co/UF6b1sdC4r
## 15:05:34
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!
## 20:50:56
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him! https://t.co/jRpmdrGYTB
## 01:03:54
Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/sKPAW8e8qN
## 18:06:34
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
## 15:05:32
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Un’s leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that......
## 17:41:30
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!
