## 17:10:05
Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay. https://t.co/BDXdpelK7F
## 11:32:54
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!
## 18:12:11
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all. https://t.co/ADvMn9HZW7
## 10:54:49
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!
## 12:12:44
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
## 15:58:59
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
## 16:00:14
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!
## 16:51:23
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims, their families, and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER! https://t.co/zOQLvAuXoh
## 11:46:43
RT @ChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others.

Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for stan…
