## 22:01:56
RT @w_terrence: Died of SUICIDE on 24/7 SUICIDE WATCH ? Yeah right! How does that happen

#JefferyEpstein had information on Bill Clinton &amp;…
## 11:40:48
Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp; El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didn’t want the Fake News inside &amp; told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
## 22:27:44
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 12:07:34
Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 21:48:36
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95% in taxes!
## 11:58:57
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
## 22:44:06
Joe Biden just said, “We believe in facts, not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
## 21:58:09
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, &amp; the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
## 22:01:25
RT @BreakingNLive: BREAKING: Documents were unsealed yesterday revealing that top Democrats, including Bill Clinton, took private trips to…
