## 21:39:18
RT @TeamTrump: MUST WATCH:

Massive overflow crowd outside of @realDonaldTrump's rally in New Hampshire chants "Four More Years!" &amp; "USA!"…
## 21:47:19
RT @MariaBartiromo: The Justice Department must investigate Glenn Simpson, the head of opposition-research firm Fusion GPS, writes @KimStra…
## 21:54:44
Thank you! https://t.co/tG32CxB1LQ
## 21:58:03
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump They are eaten alive by hate for our President &amp; his voters! 

They care more about illegal immigrants than…
## 21:51:33
RT @tashlutsa: @CLewandowski_ I was there and it was such an incredible experience!! I was lucky to get all th way to the front 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸
## 22:06:08
RT @twytter14: @tashlutsa @realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_ Winning!!!!
## 22:01:25
RT @charliekirk11: Do the math:

At the most, the Wall will cost $20 billion

Illegals cost US taxpayers $165 billion a year
## 21:55:34
RT @SamerBarhamS: @CLewandowski_ I love this president @realDonaldTrump
## 21:52:24
RT @narrow_p: @CLewandowski_ I love this president!
## 03:11:06
Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems &amp; their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! https://t.co/KkZWspM93a
## 21:59:44
RT @ByronYork: Question raised by leaked New York Times transcript, plus rollout of 1619 project: Should the public still view the Times as…
## 22:08:26
Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes! https://t.co/UKjP6AU0hz
## 22:12:04
RT @cleared37Joseph: SAVED 🇺🇸&amp;🌍Peace &amp; Prosperity @realDonaldTrump OUR / WE🇺🇸45th 🇺🇸@POTUS W/ @FLOTUS &amp; Family Sacrificed Wealth Health Saf…
## 21:49:46
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! https://t.co/VMgyggOQ3Q
## 21:47:38
Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times! https://t.co/oM7vEvt9xO
## 14:04:19
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
## 21:48:34
RT @WhiteHouse: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump, we're the first country with comprehensive legislation on women's leadership in polit…
## 21:55:27
RT @JTP236: @CLewandowski_ It was a GREAT rally!! The energy Trump brought was ELECTRIC! Felt like i was at a Beatles concert!! Love my Pre…
## 02:44:52
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in, will be back soon! https://t.co/Rvd2TeJrpo
## 21:59:51
RT @ChristieC733: I’m hearing some Republicans, pundits say we should “move on” from the #MullerReport in order to heal the nation...

I di…
## 21:39:11
RT @TeamTrump: From Daily Mail:

NH fire marshal: @realDonaldTrump DID smash Elton John’s arena attendance record https://t.co/COr06HUrrw
## 22:14:36
RT @FullMeasureNews: Coming up this Sunday on Full Measure - the media's "huge credibility problem" #mediamiss https://t.co/3f1YiFarg6
## 22:11:37
RT @FullMeasureNews: Sunday on Full Measure: Claims of media bias aren’t new, but they are heightened. What will this mean for the 2020 ele…
## 22:14:09
RT @SharylAttkisson: From what I can tell, he was not there, it was a campaign event and protest. https://t.co/MGlIIAEFBT
## 21:55:15
RT @TopDogB24: @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump the best President in history!
## 22:17:59
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/JDS4zVfyBe
## 21:53:41
RT @AZTrumplican: @philochsghost @CLewandowski_ We care because the news would have us think he has no support and that Joe Biden is leadin…
## 22:02:17
RT @thebradfordfile: America --

Get ready for a campaign the likes of which has never been seen in American history. 

President @realDona…
## 22:01:45
RT @dbongino: Everywhere the group ANTIFA (Anti-First Amendment) goes, violence and chaos follows. This is a violent, anti-civil liberties,…
## 02:43:30
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
## 12:37:15
RT @DanScavino: Soooo much love in Ocean City, Maryland! ThankU! #KAG2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/TnJt34ANiK
## 22:15:53
RT @SharylAttkisson: I read that Trump rally was rambling/half-empty. I also read the opposite. I like to watch candidates' rallies myself…
## 22:03:57
RT @steph93065: In 2016, Trump voters were Deplorable

In 2017, Trump voters were Russians

In 2018, Trump voters were Nazis

In 2019, Trum…
