## 23:57:34
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! https://t.co/nNF26OQL6i
## 23:31:53
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!
## 01:54:53
Thank you @RealWayneRoot! https://t.co/CqjtFbnMVY
## 23:55:48
RT @WhiteHouse: Bob Cousy shared a few words as he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom this evening! https://t.co/7jmX9FkWtS
## 23:42:33
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
## 23:40:21
Check out a FANTASTIC new book, “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer, @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!
## 14:21:52
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!
## 00:20:32
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order, we express the everlasting love &amp; loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, &amp; God Bless America! https://t.co/MMMsX3RDQM
## 23:08:30
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
## 23:55:43
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today, it is my privilege to present our Nation's highest civilian honor to a beloved basketball legend and a true America…
## 23:31:52
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp; Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...
## 12:53:13
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
