## 12:41:49
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
## 20:24:37
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA https://t.co/dj3JlWQu7i
## 20:10:43
Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
## 20:57:39
'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve https://t.co/gISsidBeWr via @usatoday
## 20:43:03
RT @cvpayne: While the media is fixated on tweets and fear mongering here's are some employment stats for Black American in July.
284,000 r…
## 12:14:46
RT @KTHopkins: After a man is hacked to death in broad daylight by a Syrian migrant with a samurai sword, Merkel’s media says “differences…
## 12:23:02
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Joining @VP condemning Iran’s reported punishment of Mahrokh Kanbari for practicing her Christian beliefs. 

America ca…
## 20:51:34
RT @i24NEWS_EN: There is nothing racist about President #Trump's suggesting that those who regularly spew hate at #America might spend thei…
## 12:25:04
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers! https://t.co/m2PjlbTHA9
## 20:44:26
RT @PastorDScott: Contrary to what the Left's "Know Nothing Blacks" are saying (Tamar Braxton in particular) The President was involved in…
## 12:46:45
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
## 12:27:30
RT @KTHopkins: The nipple-height Mayor of Londonistan has NEVER been so unpopular. He has MINUS approval ratings because we are stab-city.…
## 12:09:14
RT @Franklin_Graham: 5 yrs ago today Dr. Kent Brantly arrived at @EmoryUniversity Hospital after contracting the Ebola virus while serving…
## 12:06:55
A great couple! https://t.co/h0o1laZ7e3
## 20:49:21
Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough! https://t.co/tu0u3AxQqp
