## 15:26:16
The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
## 11:37:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: Two great and loyal friends! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
## 11:28:05
RT @DiamondandSilk: President Trump VS Democrats https://t.co/VWeai38VVl
## 16:38:24
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!
## 11:56:00
RT @RudyGiuliani: What is going on in Philadelphia explains how dangerous it is to be a police officer. Our prayers are with them, all the…
## 11:44:56
RT @greta: I appreciate the opportunity to interview and learn the Trump Administration strategies and policies towards these serious issue…
## 11:37:51
RT @CLewandowski_: Lewandowski joining N.H. Trump rally amid rumors of Senate run. Can’t wait for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ to come back to NH to…
## 14:04:34
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! https://t.co/eFxMjgsG1K
## 12:00:05
Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction! https://t.co/jRVMxSPJzN
## 19:59:07
RT @RealSaavedra: BREAKING: Alleged cop shooter in Philadelphia is a violent felon with previous gun convictions, was not allowed to own gu…
## 11:39:35
RT @CLewandowski_: New Hampshire Poll: Corey Lewandowski Leads GOP Senate Field https://t.co/OP8bVV9i1E
## 11:39:10
RT @seanhannity: RUDY: "I’ve never had a client that’s been cleared three times. Once is usually enough, twice is ridiculous, three times?!…
## 19:53:52
RT @WhiteHouse: After @ICEgov recently removed illegal immigrants working at Koch Foods’ plants in Mississippi, Americans are applying for…
## 13:59:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: ..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being los…
## 13:59:30
RT @realDonaldTrump: Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of thei…
## 16:30:03
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!
## 16:52:53
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
## 11:30:03
RT @IngrahamAngle: "There is no evidence that we are in the midst of an epidemic of mass shootings," @jamesalanfox, the leading researcher…
## 12:26:48
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication, we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow, got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
## 19:57:28
Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget. https://t.co/giSOLlCckV
## 11:52:16
RT @Lrihendry: Democrats also boycotted Lincoln's inauguration bc he had this radical idea of ending slavery. Let that sink in. #TrumpInaug…
## 11:38:22
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress must adopt USMCA after its six-week recess, @GlennHamer writes. https://t.co/tcSrGKYlOt
## 16:24:00
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
## 11:31:59
RT @summervilleguy: @greta https://t.co/eHgxKe79pj
## 11:28:56
RT @BillOReilly: Without direct evidence, branding the President a white supremacy adherent becomes a cheap piece of political propaganda.…
## 19:29:19
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem. https://t.co/v0sAoVEAoB
## 12:26:47
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book, “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp; knew exactly...
## 20:05:31
Sadly, much truth to this! https://t.co/KG9HNbyrZh
## 20:14:16
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation
## 20:18:25
Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
## 13:57:58
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp; all Jewish people, &amp; there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
## 11:43:44
Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show. https://t.co/SGmbEeJuIM
## 12:59:53
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
