## 21:30:50
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump joined @AMVETSHQ to celebrate 75 years of love, loyalty, and lifelong service to veterans and th…
## 23:01:30
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well, because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
## 17:43:50
.@NATO, very unfair to the United States! https://t.co/YIgmTkpScU
## 16:39:32
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th https://t.co/088PYGlFnu
## 23:01:31
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!
## 13:56:12
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
## 12:52:27
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!
## 17:32:33
....Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
## 11:34:52
.....all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN
## 23:51:34
Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
## 12:28:40
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!
## 21:42:23
“Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat.“ @SecretaryRoss https://t.co/nN2bhDycq5
## 11:44:37
Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
## 21:31:05
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is directing @usedgov to eliminate all federal student loan debt owed by American veterans who a…
## 17:32:32
For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that....
## 22:50:27
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!
## 12:32:37
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession, even though the numbers &amp; facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!
## 13:38:25
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
## 11:52:02
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).
