## 21:34:49
RT @mike_pence: America needs four more years of President @realDonaldTrump and the people of North Carolina agree! https://t.co/b6Kh9kbc1d
## 00:25:45
RT @GOPChairwoman: If 2020 Democrats like Biden have their way, they’d eliminate ALL fossil fuels.

They want to kill millions of American…
## 21:40:17
Unlike others, our economy is strong! https://t.co/EvNRzB8GBY
## 15:34:36
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020 https://t.co/0UViqSlLgd
## 00:46:59
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!
## 19:21:05
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp; Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
## 22:32:56
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
## 00:29:00
RT @BillOReilly: Mr. Trump’s statements against illegal immigration, Muslim terrorism, and the economic failure of some third world countri…
## 21:43:02
Sad! https://t.co/CP9azm8U54
## 01:23:32
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! https://t.co/jfWGYjzwkm
## 00:30:06
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Economy is delivering incredible results for the blue-collar workers who need it most. 

In case you missed it: h…
## 16:42:24
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
## 00:29:22
RT @KatrinaPierson: Harris thought she was going to a nursing home...

Ended up being taken to school. https://t.co/JAqPKjq41y
## 13:46:24
A fighter and champion, GREAT! https://t.co/8LoTrb6Pdc
## 17:14:50
The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco
## 15:39:31
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!
## 21:41:48
RT @parscale: WE MUST ENFORCE OUR LAWS!

Both suspects are illegal aliens. One was ordered removed but never left. The other was deported &amp;…
## 02:38:24
Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (&amp; has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp; Asylum.
## 15:51:00
“So far, you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp; it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!
## 22:59:13
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?
## 00:26:26
Thank you Bill! https://t.co/6TwDUEB7xm
## 00:57:26
RT @charliekirk11: Voter fraud is real:

Los Angeles county has a registration rate of 112% its adult population

The entire state of Calif…
