## 00:30:28
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! https://t.co/qoswnBZb3f
## 22:59:47
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
## 22:55:38
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
## 22:43:03
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
## 22:10:35
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
## 22:00:39
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
## 20:31:52
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” https://t.co/xFKf1arebx
## 18:50:03
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Today’s @realDonaldTrump approval ratings among black voters: 29%
 
This time last year: 15%

https://t.co/mazBCWoIMy @…
## 17:39:06
Congratulations Marsha! https://t.co/JSMiOWfbxa
## 14:21:48
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
