## 01:46:12
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!
## 02:06:08
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
## 03:40:49
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
## 03:53:49
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
## 21:32:31
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
## 15:22:04
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/OX8gGhdmg9
## 14:56:31
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
## 14:15:18
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
## 11:57:19
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
## 11:41:46
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
## 11:10:49
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
## 10:55:03
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
## 10:38:19
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
