## 01:00:41
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
## 01:14:17
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
## 02:02:16
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
## 02:31:58
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
## 02:40:42
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
## 23:53:55
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
## 23:45:01
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
## 23:37:15
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
## 23:30:26
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
## 18:55:35
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! https://t.co/PMmNG6iIsi
## 18:43:22
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/RwOhQF9SEv
## 15:36:26
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
## 14:10:17
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
## 14:00:00
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
## 12:50:44
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
## 12:43:33
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
