## 04:09:55
RT @DanScavino: “2020 odds: @realDonaldTrump favored more than every other challenger combined” via @SecretsBedard @dcexaminer https://t.co…
## 04:21:37
...And according to Polls, would do even better today! https://t.co/NAzQOIFW6o
## 23:26:02
Thank you. I love you Ohio! https://t.co/RQ9Gj0SETz
## 17:36:02
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
## 17:36:01
...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
## 17:36:00
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
## 16:10:25
https://t.co/0a25gApyJ6
## 11:34:13
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
## 11:10:13
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
## 10:28:37
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
## 10:17:34
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails, Comey lies &amp; leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......
## 10:04:45
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
## 09:57:15
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, &amp; when our Trade Deals are made, &amp; cost cutting done, you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
