## 01:46:26
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
## 01:47:44
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
## 22:12:30
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
## 21:51:11
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!
## 19:39:35
https://t.co/TfRmZA8RWQ
## 13:39:28
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
## 13:34:49
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
## 13:12:43
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
## 13:06:30
https://t.co/5kIR5EggBp
## 11:46:14
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
## 11:40:11
....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp; some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good &amp; bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
## 11:32:17
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC, &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..
## 11:23:00
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
