## 00:44:26
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it’s FAKE NEWS!
## 01:43:30
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
## 01:51:50
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there, &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
## 02:27:24
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans https://t.co/ECxTzVNZeG via @BreitbartNews
## 19:59:32
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA https://t.co/8slzITa1l6
## 18:30:04
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
## 16:54:09
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
## 13:49:51
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night!
## 13:39:00
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
## 13:17:48
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
## 12:54:13
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
## 11:56:28
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
## 11:44:28
Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
## 11:20:48
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
## 11:11:58
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
## 11:02:16
What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
## 10:50:20
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!
