## 22:36:15
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! https://t.co/M6VI1c0Sgx
## 20:42:37
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
## 19:37:25
Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES! https://t.co/Ke54QGZbU7
## 18:19:29
Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
## 17:14:40
RT @FrankLuntz: I’m in @Omarosa’s book on page 149. She claims to have heard from someone who heard from me that I heard Trump use the N-wo…
## 17:14:21
RT @MichaelCohen212: LTo the many dozens of #journalists who called me, questioning @OMAROSA claim in her new book that @POTUS @realDonaldT…
## 17:11:21
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
## 16:13:11
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
## 16:09:41
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
## 16:04:51
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
## 15:12:31
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
## 14:21:46
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
## 13:50:27
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
## 13:27:08
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
