## 17:56:41
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
## 17:41:40
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/4xWFr1jz9I
## 17:26:22
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA, First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you! https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl https://t.co/a8KQ0lcoSD
## 15:14:54
Thank you @USCG! https://t.co/PqddsoZg2I
## 14:15:55
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with China, they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet, we meet?
## 13:41:44
RT @fema: Storm surge is deadly. Anyone in an evacuation zone in the Carolinas and Virginia must leave NOW if they haven't yet. #Florence h…
## 12:49:12
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason, like old age, just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
## 12:37:27
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island, AFTER the storm had hit, they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then, a long time later, they started to report really large numbers, like 3000...
## 12:25:25
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
## 12:18:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: “I can say, as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation, that we have NO hard evidence of Collusi…
## 12:17:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: “President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%,…
## 12:16:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Vh47XjGzpt
## 12:16:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: “We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more…
## 12:10:19
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett
## 12:06:15
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
## 11:39:42
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
## 11:22:00
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers, and others, look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
