## 00:46:41
“There’s no fairness here, if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump, you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman, and his team of partisans, coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
## 00:53:44
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI, &amp; when they fired him for lying, they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett
## 01:01:22
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia, yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary, Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
## 01:21:41
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians, who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS, &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged, is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
## 01:23:02
RT @realDonaldTrump: We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
## 01:23:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 01:43:29
RT @CoreyStewartVA: Federal workers endured 8 years of hell under Obama, with several rounds of pay freezes and benefit cuts. 

@realDonald…
## 14:10:17
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election D…
## 13:37:51
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian, Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other, and everyone sees it!
## 13:28:20
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad, but the “center &amp; right” loves Tiger, Kanye, George Foreman, Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats, even more.......
