## 01:03:45
RT @Scavino45: .@larry_kudlow: “Job gains, wage growth show Trump's economic boom continues” https://t.co/raDjFB3zrW
## 01:17:26
RT @CalebJHull: “I complained plenty about Fox News, but I never threatened to shut them down.”

It’s probably a good time to remind you th…
## 01:17:59
RT @RichardGrenell: fact check: @realDonaldTrump kicked the Nazi out of NYC after 14 years and multiple Presidents allowed him to stay. htt…
## 01:22:56
RT @ericbolling: Watching @BarackObama take credit for @realDonaldTrump successes is disgraceful.

Score So Far-

TRUMP:
-Unemployment Rate…
## 21:08:41
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party, whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos, @nytimes
## 15:45:28
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax, and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
## 14:51:29
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but, importantly, our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
## 14:47:08
“To this point, President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
## 14:44:29
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies, is strong on Crime, the Border, our 2nd Amendmen, Trade, Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
