## 22:20:17
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
## 19:21:26
According to the Failing New York Times, the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump, he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.”  Rigged Witch Hunt!
## 18:55:35
I see that John Kerry, the father of the now terminated Iran deal, is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
## 18:39:19
....The Democrats, none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions, must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him, wanted him out, thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man, a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
## 18:25:25
Two long running, Obama era, investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge, just ahead of the Mid-Terms, by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
## 17:57:10
RT @IvankaTrump: Today, on #LaborDay, let’s also recognize the amazing stay-at-home parents across America, who seldom receive the credit t…
## 17:50:59
RT @WhiteHouse: In July, President Trump announced the Pledge to America's Workers. In little more than a month since, MILLIONS of new oppo…
## 17:50:01
The U.S. is respected again! https://t.co/NtQ4vsoqnk
## 15:28:33
Richard Trumka, the head of the AFL-CIO, represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country, and the success of the U.S. itself, that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
## 12:23:33
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
## 11:28:14
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
## 11:05:53
RT @CoreyStewartVA: In the U.S. Senate I'll be working WITH @realDonaldTrump on his #MAGA agenda -- and that includes having the backs of A…
## 11:05:37
RT @CoreyStewartVA: About 200,000 #Virginia residents are federal workers; as I travel the state this #LaborDay weekend, Virginians are say…
## 11:01:44
RT @SecPompeo: On behalf of the American people, special thank you to @Commander_RS GEN Nicholson for his 2+ years of service leading @NATO…
