## 00:11:31
RT @DanScavino: Jamie Dimon loves President Trump. If he were to run in 2020, he’d have a ZERO percent chance. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ https://t.co/R5d63…
## 00:11:52
RT @NWS: Important note as #Florence continues to close in on the Carolina coastline, storm surge is not just an "ocean" problem tonight. S…
## 00:28:12
RT @LouDobbs: #FakeNews- The Hurricane Maria death tolls have been inflated &amp; President @realDonaldTrump was right to call out organization…
## 01:10:33
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime, which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
## 02:37:22
Gina is Great! https://t.co/TyLQ2W42y5
## 22:35:00
“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”  @GeraldoRivera
## 21:43:43
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! https://t.co/qCKts6CfN4
## 21:42:32
RT @fema: Over 1,150 @FEMA Urban Search and Rescue personnel are integrated with state &amp; local teams in NC, SC, &amp; VA to help with rescues a…
## 21:40:28
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018 https://t.co/RuP55jWX8e
## 21:34:15
RT @NOAASatellites: #GOESEast captured these two dramatic views of #HurricaneFlorence shortly after the storm made landfall near Wrightsvil…
## 17:04:12
RT @DeptofDefense: More than 7,000 #ServiceMembers, @USNationalGuard and #ActiveDuty, are standing by to assist as #HurricaneFlorence hits…
## 16:44:56
RT @NCEmergency: Use these resources to get help or more info. For emergencies, call 911. To receive info on shelters, evacuations &amp; storm…
## 13:29:42
RT @NCEmergency: #FlorenceNC safety tips:
- STAY INDOORS. Do not venture out during the storm.
- Do NOT drive or walk through stagnant or m…
## 13:29:32
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NEW: #Hurricane #Florence has made landfall near Wrightsville Beach, North Carolina at 7:15 AM EDT (1115 UTC) with estima…
## 12:19:59
Incredible job being done by FEMA, First Responders, Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
## 11:37:48
RT @USNationalGuard: Today, nearly 3,000 National Guard members from Guam, Hawaii, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia ar…
## 11:35:40
RT @fema: We have created a rumor control page for Hurricane #Florence that will be updated regularly. During disasters, it’s critical to a…
## 11:35:02
RT @FEMAespanol: Hoy es el último día para desalojar. Si está en la ruta de #Florence, escuche a las autoridades locales para órdenes de de…
## 11:34:26
RT @RedCross: We are on the ground helping prepare for #HurricaneFlorence. More than 1,600 people spent last night in 36 Red Cross and comm…
## 11:33:46
RT @HHSGov: If you're ordered to evacuate ahead of #HurricaneFlorence: 

➡️ Take only essential items 
➡️ Turn off the gas, electricity, an…
## 11:33:31
RT @fema: If you're in a mandatory evacuation zone for #Florence, your window of time to leave is closing rapidly. Here are the zones for S…
## 11:33:11
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Do not focus on the wind speed category of #Hurricane #Florence!  Life-threatening storm surge flooding, catastrophic fla…
## 11:32:35
RT @RedCross: More than 1,500 Red Cross disaster workers are helping #HurricaneFlorence relief efforts. Some 80 emergency response vehicles…
## 11:32:18
RT @DHSgov: For those in the path of Hurricane #Florence, make sure you have downloaded your states (SC, NC, VA) official emergency app + t…
## 11:31:46
RT @DHSgov: North Carolina
iTunes: https://t.co/ikyhB27ZO8
Google Play: https://t.co/qfFgjM7C03

Virginia
iTunes: https://t.co/Eu4YVGqFsh
G…
## 11:31:06
RT @SCEMD: 6 inches of moving water can knock an adult off their feet. STAY AWAY from moving water! #FloodSafety #Florence #HurricaneFloren…
## 11:29:18
RT @SCEMD: As #HurricaneFlorence begins to affect #SC, residents who were unable to evacuate should stay indoors during the #hurricane &amp; aw…
## 11:28:53
RT @VDEM: For travel information call 5-1-1 or follow local VDOT social media accounts. To find out how Hurricane Florence impacts your are…
## 11:28:33
RT @NCDOT: We cannot share this enough: In case of flooding, MOVE TO HIGHER GROUND. And DO NOT DRIVE into standing or flooded water. If you…
## 11:28:05
RT @fema: Stay safe and shelter away from windows on the lowest floor that’s not subject to flooding. If you get trapped in a flooded build…
