## 01:06:27
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an Obama year, and rose 16% since the Election, #TrumpTime!
## 22:07:35
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John, they will say he is a true star. Also, distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! https://t.co/thRBoBkuFL
## 21:53:11
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! 
Read more: https://t.co/mi7MVljnBa https://t.co/vyvlw2YP91
## 20:53:51
https://t.co/Vu2b2hhwHu
## 19:27:38
Happy Constitution Day! https://t.co/9KiLowP3Hh
## 18:22:01
Join me in Las Vegas, Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/keENWZEd0F https://t.co/xJzQ9foOTL
## 18:10:09
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
## 14:36:06
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover, Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe, also fired) is acting. Page answered, “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow, a conspiracy caught?
## 14:23:27
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore, the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
## 10:15:52
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life, and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
## 10:11:31
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position, with Billions of Dollars, and Jobs, flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us, they will be “Tariffed!”
## 10:01:30
“A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well, low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
## 09:48:08
RT @fema: Rain from #Florence these next few days will cause flooding in many parts of the Carolinas. Expect flash flooding at any time and…
## 09:47:32
RT @DHSgov: If you see something, tell local authorities who or what you saw; when you saw it; where it occurred; and why it's suspicious.…
## 09:47:07
RT @CBPFlorida: 🇺🇸@CBP personnel and assets are in place responding with @fema. Aircrews and teams🚁🚤 from across the country are staging at…
## 09:46:51
RT @Edison_Electric: While customers may not see electric company personnel in their neighborhoods, the energy grid is heavily interconnect…
## 09:46:14
RT @femaregion4: Listen to your local officials and only return when they say it is safe to do so. #Florence #FlorenceNC https://t.co/5nFHB…
## 09:46:00
RT @uscgmidatlantic: #USCG crews have coordinated the rescue of 57 people and 8 pets so far! #hurricaneFlorence https://t.co/YsfJXPFbwU
## 09:45:45
RT @USCG: We know how much you love your pets and want to keep them safe from flooding. 🐶 #HurricaneFlorence
#Florence
https://t.co/kfzNsx1…
## 09:45:33
RT @SecNielsen: Just finished briefing @POTUS, @VP, @WhiteHouse homeland security team on Hurricane #Florence w @FEMA_Brock. The entire fed…
## 09:45:05
RT @scdhec: Protect yourself and your family. Don't use a portable generator, grill, camp stove, or improperly vented heater indoors. It ca…
## 09:44:51
RT @CDCgov: Power outage after the storm? DON’T run a generator, motor vehicle or any gasoline-powered engine less than 20 feet from an ope…
## 09:44:47
RT @NCDOT: This is the type of flooding much of our state is encountering. Travel is not safe, if not impassable! Help us keep limited rout…
## 09:44:15
RT @fema: Our Urban Search &amp; Rescue teams, along with @USCG &amp; @NationalGuard, have been supporting local responders for #Florence water res…
## 09:43:28
RT @SecNielsen: I will be traveling to #NorthCarolina tomorrow to meet with state and local leadership responding to #Florence, and to ensu…
## 09:43:10
RT @DeptofDefense: #Pets are family, too. 🐶 @SCNationalGuard #soldiers conduct ongoing rescue and recovery efforts to help those affected b…
## 09:42:54
RT @Norad_Northcom: "I would like to highlight the incredible work that is being done by the state &amp; local first responders. We are posture…
## 09:41:57
RT @SCNationalGuard: #SCGuard Soldiers w/4-118 Combined Arms Battalion conducted high water rescue &amp;  evacuation in Chesterfield County S.C…
## 09:40:16
RT @FEMAespanol: #Florence sigue causando inundaciones repentinas y tornados. Manténgase seguro y asegúrese de recibir actualizaciones por…
## 09:39:15
RT @FEMAespanol: Por favor comparta este mensaje de seguridad y exhorte a todos estar pendientes a las predicciones del clima. #Florence co…
