## 23:35:54
https://t.co/Vh47XjGzpt
## 23:21:41
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster, North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by, ready to assist 24/7.
## 23:17:24
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also, looking like a direct hit on North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared, be careful and be SAFE!
## 21:52:11
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock, along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff, John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! https://t.co/sN8D5NvrBa
## 21:18:22
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors, Executives, etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
## 19:41:17
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly, and we are here for you! https://t.co/g74cyD6b6K
## 19:35:06
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
## 14:42:34
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP,” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand, 4.2%, and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
## 13:57:18
The Economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember, it’s the economy stupid!), that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books, articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
## 12:36:53
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you? General Mattis, General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold, even by NBC.
## 12:11:37
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These…
## 12:10:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought…
## 12:08:26
RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump STAND FOR THE NATIONAL ANTHEM! https://t.co/oHk86YNi0v
## 12:08:07
RT @trueamerica1st: Thank you @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/fpFwNqw5id
## 12:06:11
RT @trueamerica1st: Thank god for Trump! https://t.co/bnPaMHW3tB
## 12:06:02
RT @trueamerica1st: Welcome to 2018 NFL https://t.co/K6YJEc1IXi
## 12:05:57
RT @trueamerica1st: https://t.co/po1LaCbWg1
## 11:46:35
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources, but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle, Washington Examiner
## 11:35:54
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
## 11:22:29
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them, like the book, are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
## 11:10:27
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016, GDP, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
## 11:03:40
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
