## 04:17:54
RT @Uncle_Jimbo: .@JerryNadler admits on #CNN they have no proof of Obstruction by @realDonaldTrump it's just his "personal opinion"

Meet…
## 04:27:18
Hans Von Spakovsky, “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
## 04:16:05
RT @GOPChairwoman: While @realDonaldTrump was successful in the private sector, career politicians enrich themselves by spending decades in…
## 23:56:45
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!
## 04:54:20
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia, but 'all kinds' showing Clinton campaign did https://t.co/XR2hU…
## 22:04:13
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/izb2tTrINB
## 04:15:41
RT @PressSec: Statement on Chairman Nadler’s fishing expedition. https://t.co/tBsVzrtGYg
## 04:43:07
RT @IngrahamAngle: Tune in tonight for blockbuster analysis of the Dems’ colossally stupid decision to overreach with overbroad subpoenas..…
## 17:54:06
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
## 04:45:07
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Weird that all of a sudden the Fake Dossier author (paid for by Hillary and the DNC etc) no longe wants to show up and…
## 19:50:45
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
## 04:53:11
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! https://t.co/klmVsCmeNE
