## 21:44:17
RT @SaraCarterDC: POWELL: Andrew Weissmann — The Kingpin Of Prosecutorial Misconduct — Leaves Mueller’s Squad | The Daily Caller https://t.…
## 13:44:25
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!
## 21:44:57
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @ArthelNeville @LelandVittert Absolutely true, President Trump. When those three show up, I turn…
## 21:51:27
RT @JackPosobiec: Why did CNN cut her off after she destroyed their Islamophobia hoax? https://t.co/zYepQbVqn8
## 12:23:30
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
## 21:34:13
RT @ChuckCallesto: BREAKING:  ==&gt; Minnesota Democrats make move to REMOVE Ilhan Omar from Congress...

https://t.co/77LYHMQ96K
## 18:18:45
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that’s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!
## 13:18:29
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
## 21:25:35
RT @superyayadize: NPR Accidentally Admits Border Fences Are Effective - Over past several decades, migrants have turned to more rugged par…
## 12:13:58
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
## 21:34:16
RT @ChuckCallesto: REVEALED: Foreign Government Official Offered Hillary Campaign Dirt On Trump [Details] https://t.co/t9EMftRAIG
## 21:55:11
RT @williamcraddick: Russiagate was designed in part to help the UK counter Russian influence by baiting the United States into taking a ha…
## 13:53:37
https://t.co/yvJpMzy3R4
## 22:27:27
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!
## 23:16:38
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
## 20:58:32
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
## 21:22:40
RT @Lrihendry: Meghan MCCain took a swipe at Trump suggesting “no one will ever love you like they loved my father” WRONG Meghan! 

Million…
## 21:36:00
RT @vmbb12: We have to fight back. They have not let up on President Trump, nor his supporters since they lost. They are losers, we are win…
## 21:38:26
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy St. Patrick's Day! ☘️ https://t.co/GEGdysOWFB
## 21:36:33
RT @LonewolfnDuke: @Lrihendry https://t.co/eVXFEQCkat
## 12:50:00
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘️ https://t.co/WmuNzJSRr8
## 11:59:15
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp; over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
## 12:41:15
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
## 21:31:06
RT @ChuckCallesto: President Trump Defends Judge Jeanine After Fox Censors Her Show https://t.co/NodG0t0w2I
## 21:36:53
RT @parscale: David Urban: Trump’s PA popularity no accident | https://t.co/mMJ65vRLhc https://t.co/0XfqEBl4p6
## 21:31:42
RT @ChuckCallesto: Christopher Steele Admits Using Posts By ‘Random Individuals’ From CNN To Back Up Trump Dossier https://t.co/ejhRHBjoBV
## 21:45:18
RT @JackPosobiec: “Teen stabbed about 100 times and set on fire in MS-13 murder, police say” https://t.co/Xrj1j9h7qe
## 13:33:03
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper, be weak &amp; die! Stay true....
## 17:38:40
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
