## 20:52:06
RT @TomFitton: NEW: Cohen Testimony is Abuse of @RealDonaldTrump: Deep State Abuse and Leaks Targets Trump Family/WH On Security Clearances…
## 21:30:25
RT @marklevinshow: Victor Davis Hanson is on next. His new book, the Case for Trump, is out now! https://t.co/u8JLoroBca
## 20:38:16
RT @paulsperry_: Cohen claimed his shady father-in-law's "in the clothing business" when in fact he's loan shark in same taxicab medallion…
## 21:28:49
RT @marklevinshow: Ron DeSantis, America’s governor https://t.co/WmJ9yC922a
## 13:43:28
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
## 13:30:46
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
## 18:47:33
....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
## 23:18:27
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
## 20:50:22
Sessions didn’t have a clue! https://t.co/XlLpnINOBv
## 13:58:29
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
## 22:57:07
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for your exemplary service to our nation Secretary Wilson! https://t.co/sYGLGmOT4X
## 21:23:49
RT @LouDobbs: Radical Dimms embarrass themselves:  Debate over anti-Semitism charges exposes divide in Democratic Party. https://t.co/xm4SD…
## 13:54:57
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
## 12:24:07
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
## 12:34:24
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 23:00:56
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! https://t.co/AV9oi8XuaE
## 12:32:44
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
## 21:23:18
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst – @marc_lotter: Democrats couldn’t condemn anti-semitism. That’s because the radical, left-wing socialists have…
## 12:26:00
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
## 21:26:51
RT @cvpayne: Jobs Report:  Most Important Highlight
Non-Supervisory Wages continue to surge and outpace overall wage increases
This is amaz…
## 20:36:50
RT @paulsperry_: Despite running informants/stings on Trump camp, electronically spying for yr,unmasking NSA intercepts, rummaging thru Tru…
## 20:45:41
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
## 16:04:20
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
## 14:13:54
On International Women’s Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses...https://t.co/VVnkuBPmhA
## 20:27:33
RT @IvankaTrump: We have reached 6,577,623 pledged new career opportunities, apprenticeships, continuing education and on-the-job training…
## 20:36:53
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Democratic Rep. Jerry "Joe McCarthy" Nadler, who just yesterday declared that Trump obstructed justice, just now…
## 22:46:33
RT @FLOTUS: Happy #InternationalWomensDay2019 https://t.co/MtecsanuEo
## 20:30:48
RT @paulsperry_: Now that even some MSM acknowledging there never was a "collusion" scandal, when will MSM start investigating the real sca…
## 20:52:15
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch exposed that Clinton operation and FBI paying Steele at the same time here:  https://t.co/fICH35a59c https:/…
## 22:46:23
RT @IvankaTrump: Happy International Women’s Day! #IWD2019 #WGDP @USAID @WhiteHouse https://t.co/DOX6vGeCZd
## 23:02:29
RT @MSNBC: President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump view memorial crosses for the 23 people killed in the Alabama tornadoes. https://t.…
## 14:59:22
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
## 20:31:15
RT @paulsperry_: Glenn Simpson &amp; Christopher Steele r 2 of biggest villains in Russia collusion hoax, yet neither has faced serious scrutin…
