## 04:44:13
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp; Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
## 20:54:27
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
## 02:10:34
.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
## 14:12:28
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 02:24:38
RT @JudicialWatch: Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp; violent criminals – each day adding to the millions…
## 14:15:47
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 19:49:38
Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.https://t.co/DKxiV5Ku3B
## 19:00:18
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!
## 04:33:57
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
## 13:14:34
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
## 13:22:28
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
## 03:50:37
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
## 22:18:31
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
## 14:11:42
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
## 01:59:32
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/2Cz5ckERcs
## 02:04:29
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
