## 04:00:58
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff fail to disclose that he met with Glenn Simpson (whose Dossier oppo research was funded by the Clinton…
## 04:07:08
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear God,
Thank you for answering our prayers.
A grateful Nation

#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://…
## 04:27:21
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
## 10:50:51
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
## 14:28:54
RT @GeraldoRivera: @SpeakerPelosi statements vs #Impeachment are refreshing &amp; conciliatory. Her conclusion that attempting to remove @realD…
## 04:05:16
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff try to block Congress from learning that the Clinton campaign paid for the Dossier?
## 04:03:57
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Well done @SteveDaines! As we spoke about on the campaign trail and in hunting camp #publiclands is a big issue for us…
## 03:37:29
RT @IvankaTrump: America’s economy is stronger than ever &amp; women in the workforce are thriving:
- Female unemployment reached its       LOW…
## 14:14:09
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
## 14:26:48
RT @DiamondandSilk: AG Letitia James of New York is abusing her power by targeting the POTUS.  Using the Attorney General office as a weapo…
## 04:27:04
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
## 04:04:29
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff say that his talks with Michael Cohen were limited to inviting him and allaying any concerns about thre…
## 10:50:50
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
## 11:17:26
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 22:52:42
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! https://t.co/czcUbee9x7
## 03:34:48
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: Real average hourly earnings rose 1.9% during the past 12 months, well exceeding the 0.4% pace during the year-earlier p…
## 16:48:29
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
## 03:40:58
RT @WhiteHouse: All across America, hardworking taxpayers balance their household budgets, find ways to do more with less, and still manage…
## 18:54:10
https://t.co/2qWkPuFDL6
## 12:21:07
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
## 13:44:38
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
## 22:47:30
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
## 11:17:02
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 22:35:47
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
## 11:15:15
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
## 11:39:13
Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
## 03:29:46
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, President @realDonaldTrump signed the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act, which prote…
## 03:28:12
RT @WhiteHouse: More good news today: “Real wages for American families are soaring,” says @WhiteHouseCEA. And along with those rising wage…
## 14:28:50
RT @GeraldoRivera: As #RobertMueller approaches the end, interesting how little anti-Trumpers are invoking infamous #SteeleDossier the tabl…
## 03:34:25
RT @VP: Thank you @CUNA for hosting me today!
As I told their members: we’re asking every member of the US Senate: A vote against the Presi…
## 03:37:43
RT @IvankaTrump: - Labor force participation of prime-age females reached 76% in January, matching the highest rate since ‘03
- Wages are…
## 16:43:14
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
## 03:30:19
RT @dcexaminer: For the first time in his presidency, @realDonaldTrump flipped an appeals court to now have a majority of Republican-appoin…
