## 21:06:28
On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA https://t.co/JjGAijXlRT
## 10:24:04
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
## 11:04:04
Wow, ratings for “Morning Joe,” which were really bad in the first place, just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!
## 16:11:27
https://t.co/3AFCELjprL
## 10:05:06
Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, &amp; others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North &amp; South Carolina &amp; all over!
## 10:13:14
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown,” have ZERO credibility or respect, &amp; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!
## 10:43:13
Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!
## 19:51:49
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp; drugs!
## 02:40:30
https://t.co/Tjz6ZjVV79
## 15:11:47
https://t.co/b1bp3CGqwC
## 10:34:34
FBI &amp; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
## 19:41:11
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
## 12:30:04
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
