## 14:18:59
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump made history by including a national paid family leave proposal in a presidential budget.

This invest…
## 00:14:15
RT @TomFitton: The real collusion scandal... why haven't Hillary Clinton and her lawyers been questioned about their collusion with Fusion…
## 15:27:50
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
## 01:51:43
RT @senatemajldr: H.R.1 is a blatant power grab to give Washington bureaucrats control over what American citizens can say about politics,…
## 01:53:01
RT @USAmbIsrael: With @LindseyGrahamSC today touring a Gaza terror tunnel. Cost of tunnel = cost of 2 new schools = cost of 30 new homes. #…
## 00:12:36
RT @TomFitton: .@RepAdamSchiff has another ethics scandal as a result of his and his staff colluding with Cohen on his testimony, which was…
## 01:52:24
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Executive Business meeting this morning on judicial nominees in the @senjudiciary committee.

WATCH:
https://t.co/AAzW…
## 01:58:07
RT @ChuckRossDC: NEW: Dark money group gave $2 Million DEMOCRACY INTEGRITY PROJECT, the org that hired Fusion GPS and Chris Steele to bolst…
## 14:17:01
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
## 01:54:00
RT @TomFitton: BIG:@JudicialWatch Uncovers DOJ Docs Showing Numerous Bruce Ohr Communications with Clinton/DNC's Fusion GPS, Christopher St…
## 01:44:25
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: US Border Patrol says that after physical barriers were erected in San Diego and El Paso sectors, as well as Yum…
## 00:13:59
RT @TomFitton: Top House Dem says Cohen likely to face DOJ perjury probe https://t.co/Xo1o4E6f5x #FoxNews
## 14:42:28
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Kate Steinle.
Sarah Root.
Grant Ronnebeck.

We willl no longer be bystanders to these crimes committed by illegal alien…
## 14:12:50
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!
## 01:44:21
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself, for interfering in the 2016 election, is breaking down
