## 19:53:49
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
## 01:20:08
RT @MZHemingway: Man, conservatives haven’t been this united on Twitter since the Kavanaugh confirmation!
## 16:17:28
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
## 20:17:23
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
## 00:08:18
....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
## 01:28:47
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others? https://t.co/GAItdhWniB
## 20:53:21
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's message to those affected by the tornadoes in the Gulf states: "We grieve by your side and we pledge our…
## 01:08:40
RT @ChatByCC: @realDonaldTrump President Trump made America great again! #MAGA 

Now it’s up to us to help him keep America great. #KAG

#T…
## 03:24:20
RT @GOPChairwoman: I completely agree with Kevin McCarthy.…
## 01:24:41
Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! https://t.co/QFqCaYmVPJ
## 00:02:53
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
## 20:06:34
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
## 03:10:19
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
## 01:01:01
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
## 01:07:52
RT @rcale1776: Jon Stewart “Listen up everybody, the Trump Justice Dept is doing an excellent job administrating the 911 compensation act”…
