## 22:13:55
....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
## 20:35:24
RT @RepDanCrenshaw: Today I offered a motion to recommit #HR1 reaffirming that only US citizens should have the right to vote. 

Dems rejec…
## 22:20:01
RT @TimRunsHisMouth: Democrats so far in 2019:

✅Won't condemn anti-semitism in the House of Reps.

✅Do nothing against a racist Governor w…
## 22:04:22
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
## 22:19:10
The Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/9W1iUgE0d6
## 01:18:38
https://t.co/QUuEBfFo44
## 21:50:23
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
## 22:50:47
This is just the beginning! https://t.co/PYwFGVGUxX
## 20:37:14
RT @dbongino: Is there anything that the Democrats stand for that aligns with American values anymore? Now that they’ve gone all-in on anti…
## 14:07:12
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!
