## 22:31:49
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth.....
## 23:25:17
So funny that The New York Times &amp; The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
## 15:37:09
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING.....
## 21:41:20
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0% GDP, &amp; Stock Market, would have both been much higher &amp; World Markets would be in a better place!
## 15:09:07
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! https://t.co/bqdB7DFx8P
## 03:23:35
Working hard, thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/00hoL0to0u
## 02:41:35
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Y6UPREMY7u https://t.co/6r7wdYDf66
## 02:30:19
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/KQ5hTZAXsk
## 15:43:46
....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!
## 15:23:50
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, &amp; they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, &amp; Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
## 01:16:18
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/3xlMOaaTR5
## 12:48:51
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
## 23:15:44
...The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass &amp; Complain &amp; Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, we’ve got a Country to run!
