## 02:39:49
RT @GOPChairwoman: You can't deny our economy is roaring:
 
*fastest GDP growth in 13 years
 
*1M more job openings than people looking for…
## 12:57:45
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
## 02:38:30
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's historic investments in our defense industrial base keep two of his biggest promises to voters…
## 10:52:12
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
## 02:22:31
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, there are plenty of reasons for that trust. Manufacturing jobs are roaring back. Blue-collar workers are set to make…
## 16:15:05
....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
## 02:39:21
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Super excited today that @realdonaldTrump is signing an executive order today to protect free speech rights for ALL stu…
## 17:22:59
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
## 12:48:06
https://t.co/qjoe0rc3rQ
## 16:15:04
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....
## 10:49:07
RT @WhiteHouse: The American dream is back because President Trump understands what many experts don't: that restoring American greatness i…
## 13:13:18
https://t.co/du665IcD5H
## 13:33:39
https://t.co/wbQiy4uGYM
## 20:15:46
Today in Florida, @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia! https://t.co/tElFdkIYfC
## 16:47:33
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
