## 03:53:03
Not a good situation! https://t.co/uaMcSrX4yM
## 23:37:42
https://t.co/ssJNhlTMzy
## 21:25:57
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). https://t.co/MUgfex4rCj
## 11:51:40
George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp; angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!
## 00:33:50
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OP-Ed on Tech Censorship - check it out and RT. 

Conservatives face a tough fight as Big Tech's censorship e…
## 20:51:41
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
## 20:57:57
Really beautiful to see! https://t.co/DKq2TIeiSs
## 20:23:04
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...https://t.co/ZWbjX0Be9m
## 02:05:48
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....
## 02:17:39
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
## 04:04:40
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
