## 15:44:53
To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran, this is your time!
## 19:41:42
...on 51 votes, which is procedural. You don’t need two thirds.”  Brad Blakeman @FoxNews  A great lawyer &amp; person. Thank you Brad!
## 17:34:45
Read the Transcripts!
## 17:42:51
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote, and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
## 23:25:01
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask! https://t.co/9N0yibmDkj
## 23:35:58
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans saw plenty of Washington at its worst this year—but despite getting no help from the far left, America today is s…
## 22:25:44
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's historic justice reforms are helping former prisoners reenter society and live with dignity an…
## 22:54:04
RT @CortesSteve: “Looking bigger picture, the first three years of the Trump presidency have established the policy framework and upward mo…
## 14:06:09
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great &amp; important coordination!
## 22:24:56
RT @Mike_Pence: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, we are living in a stronger and more secure America with the best econom…
## 13:53:10
Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas. If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed, and highly proficient in using their weapon, the end result would have been catastrophic. A big THANK YOU to them!
## 22:26:47
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrat Rep. Al Green says impeachment began when @realDonaldTrump was running for President.
 
That should end any que…
## 19:41:39
“It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face, which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial. I don’t think there should be a trial. I think it should be dismissed....
## 00:57:13
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
## 21:19:07
....Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
## 23:19:49
Wonderful account of U.S. Embassy (Iraq) vs. the Benghazi disaster! https://t.co/qDQtgkjr1S
## 21:34:14
Just for a little change of pace! https://t.co/ZQ7xCIiJru
## 12:02:47
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
## 20:15:52
“This guy (Peter Strzok) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election.” Rachel Campos-Duffy  @FoxNews  And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration. The greatest Witch Hunt in American history!
## 22:25:24
RT @TeamTrump: Farmers benefit from @realDonaldTrump policies:

✅Year-round sale of E15
✅Cut red tape, incl. ending WOTUS
✅Cut taxes for fa…
## 21:38:59
The Anti-Benghazi!
## 22:27:34
RT @TeamTrump: Latinos flourishing under @realDonaldTrump policies:

✅Record low unemployment

✅2.9M new jobs for Latinos

✅Median Latino i…
## 00:00:34
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Mn4EJ7Jbh8
## 22:24:36
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats! https://t.co/eQDqqMRvq7
## 23:19:43
Get this straightened out, Governor @GavinNewsom https://t.co/OgTzMQkMQQ
## 14:16:40
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
## 21:19:04
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is, &amp; has been for hours, SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President &amp; Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request....
## 22:27:06
RT @TeamTrump: .@realDonaldTrump is strengthening our trade deals:

✅Replaced outdated NAFTA

✅USMCA will add $68B to U.S. economy &amp; create…
## 23:17:13
RT @JackPosobiec: BREAKING: US Marines arriving to Baghdad embassy https://t.co/nRGUKF7MJc
## 22:11:14
The Fake News said I played golf today, and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations, while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq, which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but, not surprisingly, failed to report or correct!
## 11:16:26
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, &amp; possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
## 16:51:51
Very good meeting on the Middle East, the Military, and Trade. Heading back to The Southern White House (Mar-a-Lago!). Updates throughout the day.
