## 04:18:42
“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020.” @kilmeade  @FoxNews
## 13:42:00
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. (Choice!), cut Taxes &amp; Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!
## 12:54:03
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
## 12:43:47
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshow
## 15:25:52
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
## 01:52:45
RT @RepMikeJohnson: .@realDonaldTrump has consistently cooperated with this Congress in fulfilling its oversight &amp; investigation responsibi…
## 01:53:45
RT @RepMattGaetz: Democrats continue to move the goalposts and stubbornly defy the standard they once set for themselves. https://t.co/ounR…
## 12:07:19
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
## 17:38:07
“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”  @RepDLesko
## 02:57:09
.....What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable. The majority has been so abusive.”
## 12:05:19
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
## 15:25:47
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
## 12:01:42
Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment, especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States. People have figured out that the Democrats have no case, it is a total Hoax. Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago!
## 01:52:56
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: The Democrats' legislative record pales in comparison to @realDonaldTrump's three-year record as Commander in Chief.

T…
## 04:06:48
Looking like a big win for Boris in the U.K.!
## 06:08:11
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT. This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E.U. Celebrate Boris!
## 04:09:11
RT @WhiteHouse: "We have a historic chance to pass paid family leave and child care reform, so that every American family has the freedom t…
## 03:53:47
Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years.” In other words, she lied. This was the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats plan all along, long before the Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Hoax!
## 01:53:49
RT @WhiteHouse: How many facts can one Democrat get wrong in under two minutes of testimony? https://t.co/OnpfY0ZtgR
## 14:06:40
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
## 13:53:02
Record Stock Market &amp; Jobs!
## 04:08:18
RT @TeamTrump: The polling is looking really bad for impeachment-obsessed Democrats, so they’re rushing an already unfair process and makin…
## 14:19:07
RT @ByronYork: Disgraced in US, the Fusion GPS team tries to sell the product in Britain. https://t.co/dRDI4MDcDv
## 11:53:54
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95%, a Record. Thank you! #2020Election
## 17:48:06
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #Guard383 
https://t.co/iMnczcCHgN
## 01:52:50
RT @SteveScalise: Let’s be clear: The only abuse of power is how Dems are running this impeachment sham.

– Denying @realDonaldTrump rights…
## 11:51:48
The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday. It always helps to have a much better case, in fact the Dems have no case at all, but the unity &amp; sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors, all of them, was a beautiful sight to see. Dems had no answers and wanted out!
## 01:53:02
RT @GOPoversight: No collusion. 
No obstruction. 
No pressure. 
No pushing. 
No quid pro quo. 
No nothing! https://t.co/2IY3bjX82F
