## 21:07:50
....Kevin is strong on Securing the Border, #USMCA, protecting our #2A, and Loves our Vets and Military. Kevin is a true friend, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 21:09:03
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil, @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
## 21:28:24
Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
## 04:31:34
RT @DanScavino: 🚨HAPPENING NOW #DemDebate 
#Trump2020Landslide #KAG https://t.co/5GaS0QVW12
## 14:19:20
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans, raises smoking age to 21! BIG!
## 04:31:54
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: COMING UP: I’ll be joining @jasoninthehouse on #HANNITY, alongside @Jim_Jordan, to discuss the Democrats’ vindictive ef…
## 22:41:11
We are getting MS-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldn’t be here, out of our Country! https://t.co/Cfk4iIBVTQ
## 12:12:59
....have a Radical Left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion &amp; your guns, than Donald Trump as your President. No President has done more for the Evangelical community, and it’s not even close. You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage. I won’t be reading ET again!
## 15:24:23
Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal. China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product &amp; more. Formal signing being arranged. Also talked about North Korea, where we are working with China, &amp; Hong Kong (progress!).
## 11:23:38
RT @MomJar1: @realDonaldTrump @greggutfeld @FoxNews The Senate can begin their trial phase at any time and call for presentation of article…
## 11:23:53
RT @MaryEileenGard3: @MomJar1 @realDonaldTrump @greggutfeld @FoxNews Set the date and time. Give Pelosi 24 hours to respond then proceed. G…
## 02:41:50
RT @mchalfant16: In one of the more interesting Oval Office meetings we've seen, President Trump announced the party switch of Jeff Van Dre…
## 00:16:46
So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial. Actually, they have zero proof of anything, they will never even show up. They want out. I want an immediate trial!
## 02:41:40
RT @rollcall: "I believe that this is just a better fit for me,” New Jersey's Jeff Van Drew said in the Oval Office Thursday. “This is who…
## 12:12:58
A far left magazine, or very “progressive,” as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years, Christianity Today, knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather.....
## 11:12:44
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems called it an emergency. They had to rush the impeachment through Congress.

Now AFTER a sham impeachment process, they…
## 18:18:27
I guess the magazine, “Christianity Today,” is looking for Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, or those of the socialist/communist bent, to guard their religion. How about Sleepy Joe? The fact is, no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals, or religion itself!
## 19:26:41
RT @jewsfortrump: *It’s one day after impeachment*

Me: Hey Siri, who’s the President of the United States?

Siri: @realDonaldTrump

All of…
## 18:19:20
Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father, the late great Billy Graham, voted for me in the 2016 Election. I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together! https://t.co/40RX2KM4Vv
## 21:04:05
....and has my FULL Endorsement. This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey. South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY, so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew. The Dems are already coming after him, so help Jeff win. https://t.co/whoUDnen12
## 11:25:10
RT @TheRyanNYC1: @realDonaldTrump @greggutfeld @FoxNews Greatest president of my life time!
## 11:29:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE RE…
## 04:49:19
“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America.” @IngrahamAngle
## 04:35:41
#MAGA https://t.co/VN3A1v5yUk
## 11:13:22
RT @Jim_Jordan: Yesterday the Democrats impeached our President.

Today they passed a bill to raise your taxes.

Maybe next year they’ll tr…
## 01:56:44
The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath, nor do they want the Whistleblower, the missing second Whistleblower, the informer, the Bidens, to testify!
## 11:28:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/DutxclyZw9
## 11:27:34
RT @thehill: Pierce Brosnan praises Trump: "What he’s done for the economy is very good” https://t.co/A6cHALLlsF https://t.co/KvisgRKLGP
## 20:59:03
Congressman @ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall. Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 00:36:09
The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax. The Republicans have never been so united!  The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial!
## 02:41:29
RT @CBSEveningNews: Pres. Trump lauds Rep. Jeff Van Drew during Oval Office meeting Thursday after freshman lawmaker's switch to the Republ…
## 22:26:58
THANK YOU! #KAG2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/fX5FGxYBuU
## 21:23:11
Economy is GREAT, Big Stock Market uptick today. Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN! https://t.co/fhee5zYqvB
## 11:29:09
RT @Cernovich: Trump is still your President and he will be your President for another 5 years.
## 02:56:58
“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben Domenech
## 03:16:58
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!
## 02:42:31
RT @BlazeTV: Democrat Rep. Jeff Van Drew tells President @realDonaldTrump what made him leave his own party, quotes Ronald Reagan.

“I didn…
## 11:12:16
Thank you Bill. So true! https://t.co/BaMNE4TXdU
