## 14:58:07
RT @LouDobbs: Where is Comey’s Apology to @realDonaldTrump, those whose lives he screwed up, and the American people?  Comey admits error i…
## 05:28:17
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
## 14:40:22
RT @real_defender: @realDonaldTrump Republicans stand united behind president Trump. They know he has kept his promises.
## 15:06:09
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/f7Mv1FzTJN
## 14:47:25
RT @steph93065: @JsunLaliberte These facts are not in dispute. The Nunes memo and the Horowitz report match up. The Schiff Report was false…
## 13:26:26
RT @SNFonNBC: Master Gunnery Sergeant Timothy P. Mecca was awarded a Purple Heart at today's #SNF game and received 2 tickets to the Super…
## 15:09:28
RT @RudyGiuliani: Witness Yuri Lutsenko, inheritor of Shokin’s office:

Records proving Amb Yovanovitch perjured herself at least twice.

D…
## 05:28:18
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
## 13:54:19
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!
## 15:09:35
RT @RudyGiuliani: Dem’s impeachment for innocent conduct is intended to obstruct the below investigations of Obama-era corruption:

- Billi…
## 05:05:08
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
## 14:57:22
RT @SaraCarterDC: .@RandPaul to @jaketapper:

"you guys [@CNN] are not being honest with the facts here..." 

"@JoeBiden used his office to…
## 05:17:17
RT @cjtruth: POLL: Trump Gets 7-Point Swing After Impeachment Inquiry, Dominates With Independents https://t.co/jeiue6uCRp
## 14:40:03
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @MariaBartiromo @DevinNunes Fake News Media will never apologize but they (and Schiff) are exposed as the…
## 15:06:34
RT @steph93065: The media lied in unison with Schiff, Comey and the rest. 

Same as they are doing with impeachment 

#EnemyOfThePeople 

D…
## 14:40:41
RT @RepMattGaetz: This is an impeachment with no crime and with no direct evidence.

Why are @RepAdamSchiff, @RepJerryNadler, and @SpeakerP…
## 14:58:36
RT @PlaysTrumpCard: @TomFitton @realDonaldTrump The only thing that never leaked from our 17 gazillion intel agencies over the last 3 years…
## 15:08:22
RT @RudyGiuliani: You can question a witnesses credibility but you cannot question hard documentary evidence, which each firsthand witness…
## 14:25:08
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
## 15:07:50
RT @RudyGiuliani: Evidence revealed that corruption in 2016 was so extensive it was POTUS’s DUTY to ask for US-Ukraine investigation.  
 
I…
## 14:25:14
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters &amp; Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...
## 13:29:58
RT @GOPChairwoman: From Day 1, Schiff and Nadler have ignored the truth in order to smear @realDonaldTrump.
 
Their partisan impeachment sh…
## 13:23:29
RT @DanScavino: Awesome seeing a great friend and the future Governor of Arkansas, @SarahHuckabee Sanders, at the White House this past wee…
## 14:36:35
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: So great to see someone willing to put party politics aside and call balls and strikes when they see them. https://t.co…
## 15:10:07
RT @steph93065: You know why President Trump and @RudyGiuliani had to look into U.S. corruption in Ukraine? 

Because THIS happened while H…
## 15:11:04
RT @T_S_P_O_O_K_Y: It's either incompetence or corruption by @Comey - nothing in-between as concluded by Mr Horowitz in his IG report - so…
## 14:44:02
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes! https://t.co/46jb64LalD
## 15:04:46
RT @PlaysTrumpCard: Breaking: Former Director #Comey apparently was never actually working for the FBI.

He could have shot down the entire…
## 14:45:24
RT @zeusFanHouse: #FirstLady #Melania Trump was an angel in the #WhiteHouse as she&amp;Pres #Trump welcomed guests 2 one of their many #Christm…
## 00:04:32
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television! https://t.co/O8VmH3ipkw
## 14:35:58
RT @PressSec: “Let us hope that fairness will prevail” a laughable quote from @SenSchumer this AM....after the dems release an “impeachment…
## 14:33:32
Thank you CC! https://t.co/qfagL6s78G
## 14:25:15
....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly &amp; avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!
## 13:28:04
RT @DanScavino: Alright, let’s see some MEME’s for social media! Ya never know, one could end up on @realDonaldTrump’s Twitter, Facebook, o…
## 13:56:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the…
## 14:44:15
RT @JackPosobiec: Raise your hand if you agree Trump was right about James Comey
## 14:45:47
RT @RudyGiuliani: Budapest | Kiev | Vienna

After hundreds of hours &amp; months of research, I have garnered witnesses &amp; documents which revea…
## 17:41:51
New Stock Market high! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning!
## 14:48:08
RT @Rockprincess818: @realDonaldTrump Impeachment will be bipartisan ....bipartisan AGAINST it. Hahahahaha Democrats wasted all their polit…
## 20:18:55
https://t.co/Kd1RSELPLp
## 21:27:16
https://t.co/YLmzkgro4d
## 13:30:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@KellyannePolls is spot on:

"This is one of the most successful weeks of the @realDonaldTrump presidency."

✅ USMCA
✅…
## 15:03:13
Wow! https://t.co/gYGUEKpGac
## 14:40:33
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I find it amazing for Chairman Schiff to claim he didn’t know of FISA abuse evidence. The whole Nunes memo laid it out.…
## 14:42:28
RT @TheTrumpPage1: &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Don't miss President Trump’s #KAG Rally, Wednesday, December 18, in Battle Creek, Michigan! #TRUMP2020

💥Wednesday,…
## 13:25:22
“The American people see through it.” https://t.co/1WTujQY7e6
## 14:46:13
RT @steph93065: @RealSaavedra I’d be interested to know which misconduct was worse than spying on the opposing candidate and then President
## 14:42:07
RT @GaryCoby: Democrat’s Position:

Politicians running for office can not be investigated for corruption (nor their family).

1. Sounds li…
## 14:48:42
RT @SebGorka: Wow. https://t.co/cSPsg7XBBH
## 14:57:37
RT @tedcruz: Hmm. Not sure, when Pelosi began this partisan show trial, that she envisioned it being so bad that it would drive House Dems—…
## 14:36:08
RT @RepLeeZeldin: .@CongressmanJVD has seen the forest through the trees throughout this ridiculous impeachment sham. 💪🇺🇸 https://t.co/DKNK…
