## 14:10:55
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Wow but not at all surprising. Can’t let the truth of how insane this whole thing is get to actual Americans. The media…
## 13:33:22
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats were pushing impeachment, @realDonaldTrump was delivering results for Pennsylvania:

*160K new jobs
*bil…
## 14:24:32
RT @JennaEllisEsq: You’re witnessing the Democratic Party self-destruct. #ImpeachmentSham
## 14:14:20
RT @RepDougCollins: Who ordered subpoenaed phone numbers be connected to members of Congress and journalists? Adam Schiff or Daniel Goldman…
## 14:37:59
RT @BuckSexton: It’s really innovative how Adam Schiff and Jerry Nadler plan to protect the sanctity of our elections by insisting the last…
## 14:11:54
RT @ForAmerica: Rep. Gaetz just took a blow torch to the character, integrity and testimony of Daniel Goldman. Goldman's eyes tell you ever…
## 19:02:28
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to bipartisan members in Congress for securing passage of this important legislation &amp; presidential priority! A…
## 19:02:56
RT @IvankaTrump: Amazing! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/fNldxp74BP
## 15:17:29
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
## 19:07:11
RT @VP: The Armed Services Committees reached an agreement on an NDAA that supports President @realDonaldTrump’s historic efforts since day…
## 14:10:06
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: IG Report Confirms Schiff Memo Media Praised Was Riddled With Lies https://t.co/CEKpngAVX0
## 13:35:27
RT @TeamTrump: Overflow crowd outside of the Giant Center in Hershey, PA on this cold and rainy night! 👀🇺🇸

#TrumpRallyHershey https://t.co…
## 14:26:52
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Democrat Counsel @danielsgoldman refuses to answer if he’s communicated with the Whistleblower https://t.co/uwodrELm9Z
## 01:55:19
Day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment — and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP! #KAG2020 https://t.co/SM5hocqoNi
## 14:38:03
RT @BuckSexton: Let’s all be very clear: what Nadler implied today is, unless Trump is impeached and removed from office, we should all exp…
## 14:25:38
RT @RepMarkMeadows: THREAD: You will probably see plenty of spin and headlines today claiming the FBI is exonerated in this report. That is…
## 14:28:18
RT @MZHemingway: Can't get over how IG report showed the DOJ/FBI knew dossier was complete bunk by January 2017 and yet they kept suggestin…
## 14:23:31
RT @JennaEllisEsq: .@realDonaldTrump has been pushing Do-Nothing-Dems to bring the USMCA to a vote for A YEAR.

For Nancy to claim this is…
## 14:10:13
RT @PressSec: FIVE INDISPUTABLE FACTS:
1. No evidence of wrongdoing by @POTUS 
2. Ukraine said there was no pressure
3. Lethal aid to Ukrai…
## 14:19:38
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Real Deal! https://t.co/jUXHPU85PQ
## 14:25:04
RT @marklevinshow: Utter abuse of power https://t.co/T8ZP2feyjO
## 14:11:36
RT @KimStrassel: Woah. 
 https://t.co/JMLd3z6wrd
## 13:29:02
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump has arrived at the Giant Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania for a MASSIVE #MAGARally with great Ame…
## 14:20:15
RT @JennaEllisEsq: This is a joke. In the real legal world, opposing parties would have at least 10 days (plus requests for extensions) for…
## 14:09:53
RT @TomFitton: Mr. Comey stole @realDonaldTrump's confidential FBI records and leaked them. And lied about it to investigators. https://t.c…
## 14:59:04
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruz
## 14:22:08
RT @JennaEllisEsq: .@realDonaldTrump — Any Democrat who votes for these flimsy articles of impeachment are voting to sacrifice the House ma…
## 14:12:22
RT @Jim_Jordan: We thought they spied on two Americans, we now know it was FOUR. 

The Inspector General’s report confirms what many of us…
## 14:14:28
RT @RepLeeZeldin: “The Crossfire Hurricane team failed to inform Department officials of significant information that was available to the…
## 13:34:04
RT @CongressmanHice: How @HouseDemocrats run a kangaroo court: Ignore the rules, refuse to recognize legitimate objections, stream roll the…
## 14:25:54
RT @SaraCarterDC: #HorowitzReport:

We should be able to question everything these officials have done, not just with regard to President T…
## 21:26:48
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS at Hanukkah Reception https://t.co/dyNXDBgWiF
## 19:09:29
They will never do it! https://t.co/5vlnzRg6GN
## 14:08:56
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Media Research Center Files FEC Complaint Against Bloomberg News | The Dan Bongino Show https://t.co/eRgl5CkYz6
## 14:09:26
RT @RepLeeZeldin: With this disgusting impeachment charade, House Democrats have proven themselves guilty of Abuse of Power and Obstruction…
## 13:34:31
RT @CongressmanHice: .@realdonaldtrump never settles for the status quo, &amp; #USMCA is no different. With the new trade deal, @POTUS is keepi…
## 14:15:33
RT @bennyjohnson: Want to see totalitarianism in America &amp; the silencing of political opposition?
Want to see the true destruction of polit…
## 14:12:46
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Predictably, some media allies of Democrats spinning hard. This is what the investigation was about, pg 361:

IG found…
## 19:02:06
RT @GOPChairwoman: Pelosi said it herself: They’ve been trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump for 2.5 years. But there was:

No collusion.
No…
## 14:15:07
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I just got out of a nearly 2 hour briefing on the IG report.

It is deeply disturbing. Some former FBI and DOJ official…
## 14:23:44
RT @realDonaldTrump: Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and sai…
## 14:36:59
RT @ByronYork: Horowitz fallout. AG Bill Barr to NBC: 'I think our nation was turned on its head for three years based on a completely bogu…
## 13:25:42
RT @GeraldoRivera: Polls in key swing states, Michigan, Pennsylvania &amp; Wisconsin show @realDonaldTrump crushing any &amp; all Democratic presid…
## 14:27:05
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: As @Jim_Jordan reminds us, Democrats forget the facts.

They forget we have the call transcript.

They forget the two m…
## 01:47:49
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! 
https://t.co/g64HD9yL9N
## 13:28:48
RT @Mike_Pence: Electric crowd here tonight in the Keystone State! Pennsylvania and American know that to #KeepAmericaGreat we need FOUR MO…
## 14:25:20
RT @dbongino: After reading through the IG report I offer this advice - if you’re even considering working for a GOP political campaign in…
## 19:12:10
They spied on my campaign! https://t.co/sOotkhk5fw
## 19:10:25
RT @WhiteHouse: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump's leadership in establishing space as a warfighting domain, the United States will dom…
## 23:49:30
RT @parscale: The #KeepAmericaGreat rally in Hershey, PA was on 🔥🔥🔥last night. 

Packed house, filled with proud patriots who love their co…
## 23:45:03
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGA
## 13:33:31
RT @VP: Thanks to the leadership of President @realDonaldTrump, America is leading in Space! https://t.co/gvwrmZERj9
## 19:06:39
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT! https://t.co/hj9plf0GMC
## 14:08:07
RT @kimguilfoyle: So much appreciation for the 10s of thousands of great Americans who show up rain or shine to support @realDonaldTrump. T…
## 14:23:59
RT @SenTedCruz: What’s happening in the House has become an absolute circus. A show trial. A propaganda trial. When the Senate takes up Dem…
## 14:24:16
RT @JennaEllisEsq: In the Dems’ crazytown, the President should be impeached for:

✅Setting foreign policy
✅Ensuring foreign aid was not us…
## 14:24:58
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Dems are trying to minimize the IG Report, but the real story is that it’s VERY DAMAGING. @FoxFriendsFirst https://t…
## 14:13:47
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 🔥🔥🔥 but also very true. 

Sensenbrenner to Democrat Impeachment Lawyer: 'You Have Made Joe McCarthy Look Like a Piker'…
## 18:52:25
“The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll, What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump” @JakeTurx https://t.co/bYaDIbKPAa https://t.co/TRtFKA8bGj
## 13:18:02
RT @WhiteHouse: As a private citizen, @realDonaldTrump saw that Americans were treated unfairly by NAFTA.

He ran for office—and won—on a p…
## 14:40:48
RT @BuckSexton: Now we know the FBI is shockingly incompetent, reckless and dumb even when dealing with cases at the highest level of natio…
## 14:39:33
RT @BuckSexton: The absurd pretense that Democrats in Congress are impeaching Trump because of “the Constitution” and not their rage at Tru…
## 13:27:22
RT @DanScavino: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump🔊

“America is thriving like never before — and ladies and gentlemen of Pennsylvania: THE BEST IS Y…
## 14:23:09
RT @jasoninthehouse: Jason Chaffetz: The damage James Comey did to our country, the drama and expense is truly breathtaking

https://t.co/e…
## 14:41:28
RT @parscale: If the Democrat controlled House does not immediately investigate the FBI abuse found in the IG report it is clear evidence t…
## 14:15:42
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: ➡️ There's BIPARTISAN opposition to impeachment.

➡️ Contrary to the Democrats' claims, there's no COMPELLING reason to…
## 01:58:47
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 https://t.co/sS0Y01MJYd
## 19:07:53
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump made a promise to the American people that our Nation will maintain leadership in space and the agreemen…
## 03:07:09
https://t.co/ruQBK6gNLL
## 14:21:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going t…
## 14:13:19
RT @KimStrassel: Two biggest IG takeaways so far: 
--The FBI played the FISA court. The information about what it presented and what it exc…
## 14:36:44
RT @BuckSexton: Quite an odd thing for Democrats and media to pat themselves on the back for perpetrating a Russia-collusion hoax for 3 yea…
## 14:13:04
RT @RepMarkMeadows: You won't see this in headlines, because it proves EXACTLY what we've been saying.

FBI used knowingly false and dubiou…
## 14:40:19
RT @BuckSexton: Maybe it’s worth noting that the guy leading the impeachment charge right now against Trump was- as a matter of established…
## 13:36:57
RT @EricTrump: Such incredible love and support! #USAUSAUSA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/1hh8DbcV7r
## 14:08:28
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: He's 100% right to think that. Does anyone actually believe Comey, Strozk, etc etc acted in good faith towards @realdon…
## 14:22:46
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Bee mocking the Dems: “We have found Trump guilty of absolutely nothing, but we already started this whole process a…
## 14:19:27
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles. https://t.co/1klX5GtK8r
