## 04:28:03
RT @RandPaul: We have seen sham hearings, selected witnesses, and Dems who have contorted the facts to fit a fictional narrative. Shameful…
## 18:06:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/WzLB5s41m3
## 14:21:19
RT @FDRLST: DOJ IG Admits There Was Potential Bias Motivating Trump Campaign Surveillance
https://t.co/FlV79O5Vbg
## 14:15:45
RT @rogerkimball: They are impeaching him for being elected without their permission. https://t.co/agCaoIkxBt
## 04:17:37
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Today will be remembered as the day your House Democrat majority voted to impeach President @realDonaldTrump for a crim…
## 14:16:49
RT @ChadPergram: Dem HI Rep Gabbard on her “present” vote on impeachment: I could not in good conscience vote for impeachment because remov…
## 13:22:35
“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial.” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide, in their great wisdom, not to show up, they would lose by Default!
## 04:28:26
RT @SenatorFischer: From the day President Trump was elected, Democrats have wanted to impeach and remove him from office. Today’s vote was…
## 03:49:43
https://t.co/DutxclyZw9
## 04:27:43
RT @SenBillCassidy: I will be a juror and will take this process seriously, but this impeachment is motivated by Democrats’ hatred of Donal…
## 04:28:14
RT @SenateGOP: “Democrats have been obsessed with impeaching President @realDonaldTrump since day one. Tonight, they cast one of the most d…
## 04:36:20
RT @JimInhofe: The President is not going to be removed from office – period. The House’s action is nothing more than a political sham – on…
## 14:30:25
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: What is driving this crazy idea?  

Democrats have finally realized they have a very WEAK case which NEVER should have…
## 15:48:03
Thank you Terrence! https://t.co/6qro1mI4dm
## 04:17:26
RT @GOPLeader: 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 Democrats just signed their own pink slips by voting to undo the results of the 2016 election and impeach the d…
## 14:16:30
RT @AriFleischer: The waste of time in the House is now over.  What a total waste of time. Partisan Ds never accepted the results of the 20…
## 14:28:04
RT @MZHemingway: Watch this. Horowitz blows apart Democratic talking points on FBI | SUPERcuts! #726 - YouTube https://t.co/MvVZpnxPIY
## 14:03:25
RT @catturd2: There's no better friend to our constitution and our freedom than @TomFitton and Judicial Watch.

They work tirelessly to exp…
## 14:28:27
RT @seanmdav: Nancy Pelosi isn't just hemorrhaging votes for her impeachment gambit, she's now facing wholesale defections from the Democra…
## 14:03:21
RT @ScottAdamsSays: If the impeachment is shit, the Senate must acquit. #Shampeachment
## 14:30:34
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: If House Dems refuse to send Articles of Impeachment to the Senate for trial it would be a breathtaking violation of t…
## 14:21:56
RT @RepMarkMeadows: "Process issues" 

Withholding exculpatory evidence, failing to disclose key details about Carter Page's background, hi…
## 04:17:36
RT @RepMattGaetz: The American people aren’t fooled by the Democrats’ dirty tricks. 

Americans will NEVER forget that Democrats have been…
## 14:11:42
RT @GOP: The impeachment vote has been recorded, but House Democrats aren’t stopping there. 
 
They have gone on record saying in 2020 they…
## 04:17:30
RT @RepDougCollins: This #ShamImpeachment has brought dishonor upon the House.
 
Speaker Pelosi said impeachment had to be “compelling and…
## 13:58:15
RT @KatiePavlich: 17% of Trump rally attendees in *Michigan* are Democrats. The Democrat nominee is in big trouble. https://t.co/Saj33jHoii
## 15:14:49
RT @DanHenninger: The lack of liberal outrage suggests Joe Biden or any other Democratic President would let the FBI’s discredited behavior…
## 14:14:03
RT @seanmdav: Justin Amash could have been the only Republican to vote for impeachment, making it a “bipartisan” effort. Instead, he left t…
## 23:42:22
“Jesse (Watters), this is the best year any President has ever had, plus we get an impeachment.” @greggutfeld The Five @FoxNews
## 04:17:21
RT @RepRatcliffe: If there was ever a time to vote hell no, this was it. https://t.co/pzRPJSEZvq
## 14:24:04
RT @FDRLST: A day after the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court slammed the FBI over the surveillance of a Trump campaign affiliate, Se…
## 15:20:41
RT @FreemanWSJ: Thanks! https://t.co/0GowZdEs3n
## 12:31:56
100% Republican Vote. That’s what people are talking about. The Republicans are united like never before!
## 15:44:55
RT @ARmastrangelo: The Left uses the U.S. Constitution to DESTROY the U.S. Constitution.

The Democrats are the ANTITHESIS of what it means…
## 14:30:28
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Not allowing the Senate to act on approved Articles of Impeachment becomes Constitutional extortion and creates chaos…
## 14:04:51
RT @dbongino: Impeachment is now, officially, meaningless. The President should hold his head high knowing that a group of liars, frauds, c…
## 13:30:50
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 23:55:11
The great USMCA Trade Deal (Mexico &amp; Canada) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months, she doesn’t even know what it says, &amp; today, after passing by a wide margin in the House, Pelosi tried to take credit for it. Labor will vote for Trump. Trade deal is great for USA!
## 15:18:39
RT @SpecialReport: Attorney General William Barr, defending his decision to order a review of the Trump-Russia probe's origins, told a Sena…
## 04:28:08
RT @SenThomTillis: Democrats have been trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump since the moment he took office, and they have made it clear they…
## 14:05:22
RT @JoeySalads: The Democrats impeached Trump for crimes committed by Joe Biden.

Honestly, I am impressed.
## 14:10:57
I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles &amp; not deliver them to the Senate, but it’s Senate’s call!
## 14:26:40
RT @MattMackowiak: That @Comey interview on @FoxNewsSunday should forever change his public reputation. His lack of candor, past and presen…
## 14:13:32
RT @seanmdav: Media are deliberately lying about both @FDRLST reporting and the intel community inspector general's total admission yesterd…
## 04:27:32
RT @HawleyMO: Is this a joke? Democrats impeach the President without alleging a single crime, with a bipartisan coalition voting AGAINST,…
## 14:26:20
RT @AndyPuzder: With the House Dems preparing a partisan vote to impeach ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩, the RCP average of the polls shows a drop in s…
## 14:21:37
RT @akarl_smith: Sens. Johnson, Grassley and Graham ask five former Obama admin officials for records and interviews regarding Burisma and…
## 16:07:59
Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate, which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country!
## 15:33:18
Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country! https://t.co/KpaWqpStpP
## 15:15:04
RT @DanHenninger: The Barr-Horowitz ‘disagreement’ is a sham issue. Barr isn’t defending Donald J. Trump. He’s protecting John Q. Public fr…
## 14:22:59
RT @DailyCaller: Horowitz: FBI Should Have Considered Shutting Down Investigation Of Carter Page https://t.co/qHq20QA9q4
## 15:35:57
RT @MatthewJshow: Pelosi has assured the Democrats demise!

Nancy Pelosi's stomach-turning impeachment charade damages America : Goodwin ht…
## 14:23:35
RT @ChuckRossDC: Horowitz says IG did not dig into why FBI New York Field Office opened counterintelligence investigation on Carter Page in…
## 14:13:35
RT @bdomenech: What Pelosi wants to avoid is the outcome of any trial in the Senate: a bipartisan vote to acquit.
## 04:28:01
RT @SenTedCruz: Tonight House Dems concluded their partisan show trial, voting to impeach a president for the 1st time in US history withou…
## 04:28:29
RT @senatemajldr: At 9:30am tomorrow morning, on the Senate floor, I will speak about House Democrats’ precedent-breaking impeachment of th…
## 15:42:15
RT @SaraCarterDC: Yes it is. And anyone who thinks this was ok because they didn’t want @realDonaldTrump to win the election must accept th…
## 14:28:52
RT @ChuckRossDC: NEW: An updated version of the OIG report shows that the FBI opened a counterintelligence investigation in Oct. 2016 on an…
## 15:42:27
RT @Law88Loren: Truth is always based on facts.#ObamaKnewEverything and participated in election interference for decades. Started in Chica…
## 14:27:52
RT @bdomenech: This April NYT report is interesting in retrospect: https://t.co/1OAN4aXl9U
## 14:23:50
RT @ChuckRossDC: IG Horowitz tells Sen. Ron Johnson he can't talk in open setting about what FBI files said about whether Joseph Mifsud was…
## 15:52:54
Thank you Rena! https://t.co/HcFHB61cPD
## 04:17:23
RT @RepLeeZeldin: 🚨 BREAKING NEWS!!!

Donald Trump is still your President. 
🇺🇸👍💪
## 04:17:42
RT @RepSmucker: I voted NO on both articles of impeachment. 

Tomorrow, @realDonaldTrump will still be President, and when we ring in the 2…
## 14:04:06
RT @marklevinshow: 1. Nancy Pelosi was apparently advised by leftwing Harvard law professor Lawrence Tribe to delay sending the impeachment…
## 15:16:52
RT @jdanbishop: 5 pgs of evidence. Endless argument. @JamesRosenTV almost alone noticed the most cogent, first-hand evidence. In the 7/25 c…
## 14:11:18
This is what the Dems are dealing with. Does anyone think this is good for the USA! https://t.co/rvY3mDo69r
## 14:15:27
RT @redsteeze: So you’re saying you’ve tried to impeach him four times now? Interesting. https://t.co/AT0WR10LkR
## 14:25:22
RT @DevinNunes: My response to FISC court letter. Republicans warned court 2X in 2018... https://t.co/oNODqy61hc
## 04:28:17
RT @SteveDaines: It’s time for the Senate to end this partisan, impeachment sham once and for all. https://t.co/mKVCf5IyaJ
## 04:17:27
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 The only BIPARTISAN vote today was AGAINST—not for—impeachment.

Every single Republican &amp; some Dems voted against this…
## 04:27:30
RT @SenRickScott: The House Democrats just spent a month confirming that @realDonaldTrump did nothing wrong and that this impeachment circu…
## 14:25:41
RT @MZHemingway: Fascinating compilation of how so many in media all took same false talking points and posture on explosive Nunes memo tha…
## 04:17:33
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats forgot two key things: facts and fairness. https://t.co/Tyq4izUAeX
## 15:36:23
RT @MatthewJshow: @real_defender @realDonaldTrump We will win big time in 2020! President Trump has delivered for America!
## 14:02:03
RT @Incarcerated_ET: Trump has not been impeached. 

The house can’t impeach. They can only vote for impeachment. 

Then the senate trial.…
## 14:14:55
RT @MZHemingway: And not just that GOP held together completely but that they did it in the face of complete media bullying and pressure. M…
## 14:21:10
RT @mtracey: Democrats might want to take a look at the UK for insight on how voters react when one party is perceived to be overturning an…
## 15:37:25
Thank you Anne! https://t.co/e0NwWJp8PH
## 14:27:16
RT @julie_kelly2: It’s stunning to watch Comey, who signed the very first FISA application on Carter Page, act like he had nothing to do wi…
