## 00:01:18
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Democrats are pursuing their hatred for @realDonaldTrump atop the ruins of our public liberty. That is the greatest dan…
## 00:01:20
RT @CongressmanHice: .@HouseDemocrats have thrown every accusation at @POTUS @realdonaldtrump they can conjure:
 
— Russian collusion
— Obs…
## 00:01:23
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepGregSteube: "On the very first day of my swearing in, a Democrat in my class called for the impeachment of the pre…
## 03:39:46
RT @Morlen4Distrct1: Impeachment Witness: Obama Refused To Give Evidence To Congress https://t.co/0ntL9ZX3pb
## 03:35:41
RT @SKennedy1979: Thank you ⁦@RepMattGaetz⁩ for keeping these partisan hacks in check! Somebody has to..no decorum and an absolute free for…
## 03:44:05
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrat leaders have no clear vision for America besides trying to steal the 2020 election away from voters though thei…
## 03:34:57
RT @addyvanse_com: Beautiful job! https://t.co/P5htMNpp7n
## 03:36:50
RT @Morlen4Distrct1: Jim Banks Calls On Lindsey Graham To Subpoena Adam Schiff’s Phone Records https://t.co/tiGA3RN5wp
## 03:34:49
RT @SharplyRight: Matt Gaetz is an ABSOLUTE BOSS as he destroys the impeachment witnesses over Democratic donations and bias and slams prof…
## 03:50:35
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
## 00:03:14
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column, in the New York Times, EVER (although she treated me great before politics), but it was written by her brother, Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very smart brother! https://t.co/lO9s1qLK8A
