## 12:15:46
“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs.” @foxandfriends
## 21:59:35
https://t.co/kQX5wRIn3X
## 02:06:15
RT @HuckabeeOnTBN: What's the best gift to give your liberal friends?

"Donald Builds the Wall" by @EricMetaxas.

Why? Watch to find out! 😅…
## 22:14:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/h5bAKuoyV2
## 12:10:04
Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough,  and are very, very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence. The only way to make this work is to..
## 13:15:57
“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp &amp; simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they don’t care about....
## 22:13:18
https://t.co/jSSY9yvh2P
## 04:49:09
RT @EpochTimes: Over 400 people packed the meeting room, filled the lobby, and spilled into the parking lot in rural Buckingham County, #Vi…
## 00:17:41
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
## 02:31:36
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh  @seanhannity  @dbongino l agree, and so does the public!
## 22:32:38
187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration, including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices. We are shattering every record! Read all about this in “The Long Game,” a great new book by @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Amazing story!
## 12:10:06
....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to. @brithume @foxandfriends
## 02:46:26
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”  @AlanDersh
## 13:25:26
The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve  something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment. She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal!
## 12:21:33
“The Trump Administration, Trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before.” Griff Jenkins, @foxandfriends
## 13:15:58
....the American public’s tone deafness - &amp; it should be intolerable, because the American people have had it with this.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends  The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY. They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country!
