## 23:58:55
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
## 21:19:05
RT @clemmonsmaga: #RT @realDonaldTrump: RT @herc4evr: Camarotta @cnn got DESTROYED BY Mr. KEVIN HASSETT when she tried to bash the Presiden…
## 13:52:10
RT @dbongino: ‘This IS the Scandal’: Dan Bongino Explains How John Brennan’s Office Became Ground Zero in the Russian Collusion Scandal 👇🏻…
## 23:48:59
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This Constitutional outrage by @SpeakerPelosi needs to end.  

She is trying to run the Senate and deny President @rea…
## 03:22:23
RT @AndyPuzder: It’s all but impossible to look at this chart and conclude anything other than that ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ‘s tax cuts have une…
## 22:57:46
RT @ericbolling: PER THE CONSTITUTION:
The time for “discovery” passed. 
The Senate now tries the case as they wish.
Senate democrats and m…
## 22:42:33
RT @SarahPalinUSA: “This is—and has always been—a case about media accountability.  We are pleased with the Court’s decision, and we look f…
## 23:50:40
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: It’s time for @SpeakerPelosi, who claimed impeachment was a national imperative, to fish or cut bait.  

Commit to sen…
## 02:20:17
RT @SkyNewsBreak: U.S. president Donald Trump says a "breakthrough" has been achieved in trade talks with China and he expects a deal to be…
## 23:47:36
I agree 100%! https://t.co/lFUfnLefxT
## 23:44:57
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: After the House vote, Democrats are having BUYER's REMORSE about impeachment and don't know what to do.  

They know t…
## 21:18:43
RT @nealshact: On the second anniversary of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our economic predictions have been vindicated, write…
## 22:56:51
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump’s policies are working:
 
7.2M jobs created. 
 
500K manufacturing jobs created.
 
Unemployment at a 5…
## 22:13:02
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp; lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
## 23:48:38
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump If this continues into 2020, the Senate needs to strike back, standing up for our righ…
## 23:48:24
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump Stop playing games with the Constitution.

In our system, you can’t be the Speaker of…
## 23:25:02
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
## 13:38:33
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!
## 13:55:09
RT @herc4evr: Camarotta @cnn got DESTROYED BY Mr. KEVIN HASSETT when she tried to bash the President as her normal m.o. is..  He is awesome…
## 23:50:17
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: If she refuses, Senate Republicans should take matters into our own hands.  We are in charge of the Senate — not Pelos…
## 22:13:01
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp; Speakership once, &amp; is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, &amp; Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
## 22:46:12
RT @marcorubio: This was a very good move by @POTUS⁩ to end threat of tariffs on #Brazil. 

They are a very important partner &amp; a friendly…
## 02:21:07
RT @Reuters: China will lower import tariffs on over 850 products from January 1 https://t.co/rOyxOnY9QF https://t.co/8xmiyGmiW6
## 23:45:15
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This is a giant step forward &amp; great news for the Port of Charleston.  I’m incredibly appreciative of President @reald…
## 02:20:00
RT @economics: BREAKING: China says it will cut import tariffs for goods including frozen pork, pharmaceuticals, paper products and some hi…
## 13:55:26
RT @Jon_Hartley_: "Tax Reform Has Delivered for Workers", write Gary Cohn and Kevin Hassett in the @WSJ https://t.co/t3txK81wha
