## 18:01:26
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
## 00:47:51
Both Commiecast MSNBC &amp; Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
## 19:14:32
Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!
## 17:19:51
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck! https://t.co/iqtuwzbaIV
## 05:26:15
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don’t have the “guts” to say so! https://t.co/OUc46HUwPq
## 17:20:40
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: This impeachment vote reminds me of when Democrats went nuclear by lowering the threshold to confirm federal judges in 2…
## 05:05:46
Incredible young, strong and brilliant people. Army/Navy! https://t.co/I4F8xIxorA
## 22:11:23
Because Nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didn’t have time to think! https://t.co/rx3pcyofip
## 18:24:28
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020
## 19:08:19
The @foxnewPolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
## 22:00:23
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats are right when they say today is a sad day. But not for the reason they think.

It's sad because today is ano…
## 00:10:12
Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag &amp; totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, &amp; also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
## 01:02:27
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania! @NavyFB @ArmyWP_Football @ArmyNavyGame https://t.co/HipWiZKmiP
## 18:34:29
So now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?
## 21:32:27
RT @replouiegohmert: “I’ve never seen something like this – using the Congressional system to try to destroy people that have committed no…
## 21:32:57
RT @replouiegohmert: “This is really a sad day -- a big show … America needs to hear from the witnesses; and, we didn't get to hear from th…
## 19:02:28
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!
## 17:21:52
RT @KimStrassel: And I should say it is only because of @AndrewCMcCarthy deep knowledge and analysis that we understand it all! https://t.c…
## 05:40:36
Wow, that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart! https://t.co/7yDPU4N3wd
## 05:10:54
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy! https://t.co/V3oAZjWqEo
## 17:24:29
Far from it! https://t.co/kXyaC1LDwV
## 18:57:00
“There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.” @JudgeJeanine @RepMikeJohnson
## 21:59:57
Fake News! https://t.co/NWaeaG1exu
## 04:53:55
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions! https://t.co/wyjBAgoF7J
## 17:22:22
RT @KimStrassel: Let's hope upcoming #FoxNews interview w/ @comey proceeds from reality that he was: fired for cause; found guilty of "insu…
## 17:12:30
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
## 21:23:26
.@seanhannity, who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M., @foxnews, stated about the Impeachment Hoax, “This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
## 22:28:02
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
## 17:23:55
RT @brithume: Thread illustrating well the denial and dishonesty on the left. Some on the left are still claiming the FBI FISA goings on we…
## 17:26:16
RT @KimStrassel: For an in-depth explanation of the abuses now detailed in the IG report (and so many other abuses), pick up my new bestsel…
