## 03:42:09
RT @JudicialWatch: @TomFitton: Pelosi/Schiff Abuse Worsens, FBI “Finds” Clinton Emails, PLUS 5 NEW JW Lawsuits against DeepState https://t.…
## 03:33:40
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Speaker Pelosi this morning: “The president’s actions in taking these things to court... is an obstruction of justice.”…
## 21:13:01
RT @KimStrassel: @WSJ Also from my column: Constitutional lawyer David Rivkin makes the case that Schiff has opened himself up lawsuits fro…
## 03:02:57
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Washington Democrats are counting impeachment votes. President Trump is counting 266,000 new jobs and a 50-year record…
## 03:03:40
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@SpeakerPelosi is counting impeachment votes. Here’s what President Trump is counting:

-266k new jobs
-54k in manufacturi…
## 00:23:21
Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
## 03:38:49
RT @AP_Scoop: SPECIAL EPISODE with the brilliant @MZHemingway on the Russia Collusion Hoax and Kavanaugh.  

Watch the full video: https://…
## 03:42:32
RT @TomFitton: FBI has now lost TWICE in federal court in its scheming to hide FBI-Clinton gang conspiracy to try to destroy 
@realDonaldTr…
## 03:23:14
RT @newsmax: "Pelosi despises you people who don't live in the coastal areas... They hate you because you brought President Trump to the Pr…
## 21:12:58
RT @KimStrassel: From my new column: “There does not appear to be any basis to believe that a congressional committee is authorized to subp…
## 03:07:41
RT @alexsalvinews: Fox News confirms 7 hours after @OANN. https://t.co/NYnef34DvU https://t.co/xz2isdb9t0
## 00:06:59
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
## 00:10:54
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
## 21:03:20
RT @DanHenninger: Nancy Pelosi saw this summer that Adam Schiff’s Take Down Trump Show might be more trouble than it was worth for Democrat…
## 21:13:34
RT @KimStrassel: I wondered how long it would be before media rushed to defend Schiff's indefensible subpoenas and intimidation of the medi…
## 03:19:06
RT @newsmax: "I have no idea what the plan is from the Democrats, it makes no sense to me. Nancy Pelosi can go on public TV and claim that…
## 21:13:45
RT @KimStrassel: Democrats lecture about dirt-digging, even as they abuse their surveillance powers to demand phone records to smear politi…
## 03:03:35
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Wow. Non-stop impeachment barrage. And America’s economy and @realDonaldTrump keep delivering big time wins anyway. htt…
## 21:35:59
@KimStrassel “Schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.”  To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!
## 03:18:43
RT @newsmax: Trump economist Steve Moore tells Newsmax TV: Strong jobs data undercuts any impeachment argument https://t.co/2Nk3kFPaJN http…
## 17:32:30
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together! https://t.co/rZaY9p8xzV
## 03:06:42
RT @OANN: One America News has just launched a live 24/7, 365 days a year, uninterrupted cable feed on Facebook, and it's only $4.99 per mo…
## 15:43:33
RT @WhiteHouse: On National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, we solemnly reflect on the tragic events of December 7, 1941, and honor those who…
## 03:43:13
RT @TomFitton: Impeachment coup should be frozen until a full investigation is done on Schiff's abuse of power against @RealDonaldTrump in…
## 03:02:07
RT @CQnow: House Judiciary members @RepDougCollins and @RepMattGaetz huddle before the start of the panel's hearing on the impeachment inqu…
## 03:39:35
RT @TomFitton: HUGE: Impeachment Abuse Expands--Schiff Implicated in Phone Records Spying Misconduct; COUP Against @RealDonaldTrump Can Sti…
## 20:21:06
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!
## 19:10:19
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
## 19:22:13
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
## 03:30:52
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Day 2 - @BonginoReport vs. @TheDailyBail

Decision: Bongino Report is workin' the refs and, yeah, we bought it. But nev…
## 03:34:47
RT @Jim_Jordan: One set of rules for them.

A different set for us. https://t.co/dzYPrJ5rRa
## 17:21:31
While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
## 03:16:07
RT @GrahamLedger: LEDGER REGISTER:
Will the partisan political impeachment inquiry of President Trump by the weaponized House of Representa…
## 21:04:41
RT @DanHenninger: Impeachment will be the decisive battle in World War Trump, now in its third year with no end in sight, writes @DanHennin…
## 21:14:06
RT @KimStrassel: 1) Still waiting for my fellow members of the media to express their deep outrage and alarm that Intelligence Chair Schiff…
## 03:02:36
RT @GovRonDeSantis: I just spoke with President @realDonaldTrump regarding the shooting at NAS Pensacola and he reiterated his full support…
## 00:28:48
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. STOP!
## 18:55:17
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
## 18:54:36
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
## 03:04:36
RT @JaySekulow: Radio: Democrat Congressman Calls for Perpetual Impeachment of Donald Trump https://t.co/NjJkHvSkQC
## 18:51:16
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! https://t.co/2kWgJhvrtY
## 21:03:08
RT @DanHenninger: When Trump called the impeachment show a ‘kangaroo court,’ he was only half right. All of Washington has become a kangaro…
## 17:13:40
Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
## 21:04:03
RT @DanHenninger: Pelosi’s decision to open the impeachment dam is starting to look like a blunder. Rather than let voters decide Trump’s f…
## 03:06:15
RT @JaySekulow: I am at the #ICC with members of the @ACLJ &amp; @ECLJ’s legal team to defend the interests of #American soldiers.

Our heroes…
