## 18:16:21
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
## 03:27:30
The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!
## 12:43:35
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
## 23:42:45
Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
## 12:45:48
RT @WhiteHouse: The liberal "experts" invited to testify by House Democrats yesterday have had an appetite for impeachment since before Pre…
## 13:16:35
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65%, S&amp;P up 24.36%, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy, stupid.”
## 15:46:54
@HeyTammyBruce “This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.”
## 16:00:28
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! #2020
## 19:18:22
....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
## 15:01:29
@jimcramer “This is the best number I’ve ever seen in my life.”
## 14:57:39
GREAT JOBS REPORT!
## 20:19:41
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/QCtWgld2RW
## 14:47:41
RT @BreakingNews: @NBCNews Escambia Co. Sheriff's Office: "There is no longer an active shooter on NAS Pensacola. The shooter is confirmed…
## 03:32:06
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
## 00:52:07
https://t.co/nSyY8ysJtp
## 00:33:52
RT @Team_Mitch: Mitch McConnell’s memoir “The Long Game” is now available in paperback with a new foreword written by President @realDonald…
## 12:47:50
RT @IngrahamAngle: A GREAT DAY for @realdonaldtrump. Terrible day for House of Representatives.
## 12:47:25
RT @GOPChairwoman: The audacity of Nancy Pelosi.

She just claimed, “This has absolutely nothing to do with politics."

House Democrats boy…
## 18:39:41
RT @RepMattGaetz: NAS Pensacola is a huge source of pride for all of Northwest Florida. It is the home of naval aviation. It is the home of…
## 23:39:16
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
## 12:46:56
RT @parscale: The Democrats are right about one thing - someone did abuse their power.

But it's not @RealDonaldTrump. 

It's THEM. Their i…
## 12:48:33
RT @GOPChairwoman: The Founders began the Constitution with “We the People” for a reason.

Pelosi wants to negate the votes of 63M American…
## 12:46:33
RT @VP: While Democrats continue their obsession with impeaching President @realDonaldTrump &amp; try to overturn the will of the American peop…
## 19:18:21
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida....
## 15:05:30
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.” @MariaBartiromo
