## 05:50:33
https://t.co/kaiJymPjE9
## 23:19:26
RT @DevinNunes: Dems busted again on their Watergate fantasies... with ⁦@marthamaccallum⁩ https://t.co/x9RlLvLAOe
## 21:44:17
RT @DavidRivkin: The "whistleblower" does not have a right to anonymity; at best he would be protected against retaliation in employment. A…
## 23:21:15
RT @DailyCaller: Joe Biden Claims Ignorance On His Son’s Conflicts Of Interest With Burisma https://t.co/wH8ZJElF4p
## 20:21:02
RT @thehill: Ted Cruz blasts Trump impeachment inquiry as a "kangaroo court" https://t.co/lvtQpTLD0r https://t.co/2DwZO1s9UF
## 21:45:13
RT @DavidRivkin: There’s nothing about impeachment that turns the president into a ward of the legislature. The Executive Branch has a righ…
## 23:07:23
RT @JudgeJeanine: House Freedom Caucus Chairman @RepAndyBiggsAZ and Congressman @replouiegohmert joined me to discuss the latest round of i…
## 23:19:04
RT @DevinNunes: Thx @dbongino https://t.co/chbunruVUh
## 20:29:08
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Dems are desperately searching for grounds of impeachment and they have LOST. They have NOTHING.

But they ARE afrai…
## 23:05:37
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Many stubborn facts destroy the Dems’ impeachment fairy tale. These top highlights remain key:

-Pres Zelensky didn’t kno…
## 15:21:22
RT @OANN: One America News presents an in-depth report on corruption by former Vice President Joe Biden and his family. 

Join @NeilWMcCabe…
## 15:20:37
RT @OANN: In the next for edition of One America News Investigates, join @ChanelRion as she interviews several witnesses who debunk Adam Sc…
## 20:28:23
RT @JennaEllisEsq: INCREDIBLE. Read the House Judiciary Report! Dems ADMITTING they are:

1) Changing the standard of impeachment

2) Proce…
## 23:17:05
RT @Jim_Jordan: Did @RepAdamSchiff mislead the American people AGAIN?

https://t.co/GOnVlzCsRW
## 23:09:24
RT @RepMarkGreen: .@realDonaldTrump is delivering huge wins for our economy. 

✅ Jobs growing an average of 205,000/month
✅ Unemployment at…
## 23:26:06
RT @DailyCaller: Speaker Pelosi Claimed To ‘Resent’ The Word ‘Hate.’ She Once Said GOP Were ‘Paralyzed With Hatred’ Of Clinton. https://t.c…
## 19:51:19
RT @marklevinshow: Pelosi's fascistic rule marks her as one of the worst, if not the worst Speaker in history. Deceitful, lawless, unethica…
## 21:21:10
RT @WarRoom2020: Schultz: The best evidence in this case came out months ago: the call transcript

LIVE NOW on War Room: Impeachment w/ @Ci…
## 19:48:40
RT @marklevinshow: Democrat-controlled Judiciary Committee releases more methane https://t.co/l19iQZNqa5
## 21:08:20
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, &amp; now the.....
## 16:50:13
....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V.P. @MeetThePress
## 19:52:47
RT @marklevinshow: Don’t miss Life, Liberty &amp; Levin this Sunday on Fox at 8 PM eastern! For the first time, a fabulous full hour with Profe…
## 23:09:37
RT @RepMarkMeadows: All the Democrats have are unproven allegations. Here are the facts:

- Call text shows zero link between aid/political…
## 21:44:55
RT @howappealing: “This Impeachment Subverts the Constitution: It’s nakedly political and procedurally defective, and so far there’s no pub…
## 23:14:19
RT @RepDougCollins: The average American outside of D.C. understands due process.
 
They understand fairness.
 
They do not understand how…
## 20:27:34
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Thank you ⁦@mattgaetz⁩ for calling the Pensacola shooting for what it is:

Terrorism.

This should have never happened…
## 23:01:13
RT @CLewandowski_: The House Judiciary Committee's fundamental choice. My latest op-ed just published in The Hill.   https://t.co/6gsJuHG7pK
## 23:21:55
RT @DailyCaller: Nunes: FBI Withheld Exculpatory Information On Carter Page From FISA Court https://t.co/v30Epau5aZ
## 23:14:51
RT @SteveScalise: Every scam Dems have run against @realDonaldTrump—from Mueller to bribery—has failed.

They have no case for impeachment.…
## 20:21:20
RT @nypost: Ted Cruz says Trump has 'authority' to investigate corruption in Ukraine https://t.co/xnJNUpwf1f https://t.co/fmNnbfa5lW
## 21:42:49
RT @WarRoom2020: Rivkin: Dems are falsely accusing @POTUS of obstruction &amp; bribery, this is a political sham

LIVE NOW on War Room: Impeach…
## 23:28:01
RT @ByronYork: Are journalists concerned about release of John Solomon's phone records? Some have tried to make him an outcast journalist.…
## 20:27:59
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Incredibly dangerous &amp; reckless policies led to my daughter being murdered on the 3rd floor of her high school in Park…
## 21:19:17
RT @WarRoom2020: Guardian: Nancy Pelosi is Bungling the Impeachment Inquiry  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/mNkYGagdkJ
## 15:17:28
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
## 21:08:21
.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.” @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal
## 21:45:30
RT @WSJ: From @WSJopinion: The effort to sink Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation cries out for investigation, write @DavidRivkin and Le…
## 20:29:17
RT @JennaEllisEsq: THREAD: So I didn’t get to finish comments w/ @edhenry today due to the breaking news, but here are the two main points:…
## 19:49:47
Great! https://t.co/YEbqKEJBq2
## 23:11:52
RT @WhiteHouse: As a candidate for President, @realDonaldTrump promised to eliminate two old regulations for every new federal regulation i…
## 23:10:44
RT @RepDougCollins: Chairman Nadler has no choice but to postpone Monday’s hearing in the wake of a last-minute document transmission that…
## 23:01:40
RT @CLewandowski_: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for putting American back to work.  Just think how much better it could be if Members of Cong…
## 21:17:21
RT @WarRoom2020: OH MY JOBS! – U.S. Economy Adds 266,000 Jobs in November  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/gDrgkwm8Zl
## 19:42:13
Don’t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting), Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
## 23:10:58
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Great to join @EPAAWheeler in this effort. The @realDonaldTrump adminstration is doing an excellent job by streamlining…
## 17:07:18
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it’s going to go to the Senate,...
## 19:48:47
RT @marklevinshow: Mediate &amp; Chuck Todd, having lied throughout the Russia “collusion” BS, now lie about Ukraine.And if Todd wants to be th…
## 23:20:31
.CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility! https://t.co/SKnLFNTGzU
## 23:13:42
RT @RepChuck: No matter how they try and spin it, Dems have been trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump since day 1. Now, according to Speaker…
## 23:02:07
RT @USNavy: #UPDATE: #USNavy releases names of the Sailors Killed in @NASPCOLA Shooting. "We feel the loss profoundly and grieve with the f…
## 23:08:34
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats devised their timeline for impeaching the president a long time ago, and they've just been filling it in as they g…
## 19:50:26
RT @marklevinshow: Tonight at 8 PM eastern on Fox, don’t miss Life, Liberty &amp; Levin!  My guest for the full hour is Professor Dershowitz! …
## 21:19:46
RT @WarRoom2020: READ: The White House’s ‘Bring It On’ Letter to House Democrats  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/DllOF476v7
## 23:22:11
RT @DailyCaller: Dana Bash Puts Nadler On The Spot With His Own Statements On Partisan Impeachment https://t.co/fChR5snz6f
## 19:44:57
RT @TVNewsHQ: Watch Fox’s @JesseBWatters: “The Dems are losing it.. Trump’s driving the left crazy! The economy is posting blowout numbers,…
## 20:25:15
RT @JennaEllisEsq: Even DEMS are now against impeachment! Dems are saying:

❌Embarrassed for their party
❌This is a political impeachment
❌…
## 23:18:10
RT @MariaBartiromo: Rep. Nunes says he will pursue legal action on release of phone records https://t.co/flF3cxPg4G  @SundayFutures @FoxNew…
## 23:15:29
RT @RepArrington: The #SchiffShow is finally over. 

With @SpeakerPelosi choosing to continue this impeachment charade, I’m confident my co…
## 19:52:35
RT @marklevinshow: Never take the audience for granted 
https://t.co/inTx3GJu4l
## 23:18:25
RT @tracybeanz: Reading @DevinNunes lawsuit against @cnn. It’s something. This is how it started, but the facts in here are incontrovertibl…
## 05:47:23
Congratulations to @TitoOrtiz on tonight’s huge WIN, a Great American Patriot! https://t.co/m4tJpfzVte
## 23:14:21
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Republicans are working day and night to expose the truth behind the Democrats’ radical, partisan, vindictive efforts t…
## 21:18:37
RT @WarRoom2020: FLASHBACK: Media Called Biden-Ukraine Relationship ‘Fishy’ in 2014  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/CjDIxLok3Q
## 17:07:19
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
## 20:01:02
RT @AnniePNJ: The first of yesterday’s shooting victims has been id’d by family as 23yo Joshua Kaleb Watson:  “Heavily wounded, he made his…
## 23:27:13
RT @DevinNunes: CNN Hits Three-Year Ratings Low Amid Impeachment Drama - #goodnightVienna ⁦@DailyCaller⁩  https://t.co/8BxDAKxKeb
## 23:10:22
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: "That is almost no movement either way in more than 6 weeks — a time during which televised impeachment hearings were h…
## 21:17:15
RT @WarRoom2020: Canada Just Lost the Equivalent of 650,000 Jobs as Trump’s Economy Roars  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/gZK03BpIca
## 19:45:20
RT @DanScavino: “THE DEMOCRATS ARE LOSING IT” @JesseBWatters @WattersWorld 
https://t.co/PUZo1LKLhg
## 23:16:49
RT @Jim_Jordan: While Democrats are focused on undoing the 2016 election, President Trump is doing what he said.

Able-bodied adults withou…
## 20:02:05
The Wall is going up fast! https://t.co/8tmUsC9oPq
## 23:09:07
RT @SteveScalise: Adam Schiff is lying to the American people again.

He has 3,500+ pages of phone records on people—including the press—th…
## 23:05:13
RT @RepMattGaetz: .@RepZoeLofgren called the 1998 impeachment "fascist." @RepJerryNadler said it was "ripping asunder our votes."

@Speaker…
## 23:07:48
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: From the individuals who brought you the Russian-Collusion Hoax,

Comes the sequel - the Ukrainian Hoax.

Democrats wil…
## 23:08:07
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: “To summarize: Many Democrats wanted to impeach @realDonaldTrump from the get-go. Frustrated at their inability to get…
## 23:26:02
RT @DailyCaller: CNN Receives Bad TV Rating For Speaker Pelosi Town Hall https://t.co/YxzzHljJAK
## 23:15:11
RT @GOPLeader: Speaker Pelosi: "An impeachment is not a pleasant experience. It can be divisive. We don't take any glee in this at all."

A…
## 15:17:25
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere.... https://t.co/THfOjfB2uE
## 23:18:02
RT @DevinNunes: Great interview by ⁦@newtgingrich⁩ with ⁦@LeeSmithDC⁩  https://t.co/sqV7AafjET
## 15:29:19
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game, change the rules!
## 22:52:14
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! https://t.co/uLzJY5MjW3
## 21:12:49
RT @WSJopinion: If Adam Schiff were confident in his legal position, he’d want to put the case to a judge. Yet he seems desperate not to, w…
## 05:50:49
https://t.co/HvENCXZBYe
## 20:29:14
RT @JennaEllisEsq: 2. @realDonaldTrump was clear when he said “Do US a favor” that he was speaking on behalf of the United States. It is ab…
## 20:16:00
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenry
## 20:18:16
I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
## 22:57:20
RT @GOPChairwoman: Nancy Pelosi and House Democrats want to impeach @realDonaldTrump simply because they don’t like him.
 
All you have to…
## 23:25:19
RT @DailyCaller: The FISA Report Is Finally Coming. Here’s What To Know About It. https://t.co/uA97ZmL8yW
## 21:41:58
“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal
## 23:12:55
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Promises made, promises kept.

Today marks the 2nd anniversary of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's decision to recognize Jerus…
## 23:12:10
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats' determination to impeach @realDonaldTrump undercuts our responsibility to govern the nation. Instead of focu…
## 20:28:54
RT @dbongino: Ted Cruz absolutely ANNIHILATING liberal activist, conspiracy theorist, and fake news propagandist, Chuck Todd. Chuck is the…
## 21:27:26
RT @WarRoom2020: Navarro: Why at the Dem debates do they never talk about China or the economy? Because they don’t want to admit President…
## 19:59:51
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
## 21:16:31
RT @WarRoom2020: Trump Trounces Obama Approval Rating at Same Point of Presidencies  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/duUE7N9D5p
