## 22:33:09
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: All 3 of the Democrats' law professors came w/ preconceived biases. Two have said for years that various acts by the Pr…
## 22:36:31
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more, &amp; $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S., only deep respect!
## 21:47:15
RT @WhiteHouse: Anyone with personal knowledge of a single material fact in the Schiff report? https://t.co/HOIOEsRg9Y
## 23:53:23
RT @RepArmstrongND: Today has been like everything else in the sham impeachment - purposely misleading and not based on the facts. The fact…
## 14:26:36
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
## 20:56:43
RT @SteveScalise: WATCH → Legal expert testifying before Nadler's Judiciary Committee says this would be the first impeachment in history w…
## 20:57:35
RT @GReschenthaler: I had hoped that my colleagues across the aisle would want to hear all the facts before they undo the 2016 election, bu…
## 22:43:19
.@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land, air, sea, and SPACE!
## 09:22:05
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.
## 22:33:11
RT @RepMattGaetz: "To all of the witnesses: if you have personal knowledge of a single material fact in the Schiff report, please raise you…
## 08:57:54
RT @RoyalFamily: 📷An official photograph of 
Her Majesty The Queen, The Prince of Wales, NATO Secretary General and 
Heads of State and Gov…
## 20:57:25
RT @KenCalvert: House Democrats have brought Congress to a standstill with their impeachment obsession.

❌ Passage of #USMCA
❌ Lower Drug P…
## 22:33:13
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 BREAKING: @RepMattGaetz asked the witnesses in today's sham hearing to raise their hands if they have personal knowledg…
## 00:12:53
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thanks to @realDonaldTrump’s efforts with #NATO:

*$130B in new defense spending

*the biggest increase in a generation…
## 16:46:56
Thank you @NATO! #NATOLondon https://t.co/8gJeXZxwpH
## 20:57:18
RT @RepDougCollins: Prof. Turley: “Impeachments have to be based on proof not presumptions.” https://t.co/sl06UHs5ju
## 20:57:56
RT @RepDougCollins: Turley to Congress: “If you impeach a president, if you make a high crime &amp; misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it…
## 20:58:02
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepSteveChabot: “It would seem—since Schiff, for example, misled the American people on multiple occasions—common sen…
## 20:56:57
RT @HouseGOP: As House Democrats kick off another day of their impeachment sham, here’s a reminder that after two weeks of public testimony…
## 20:58:14
RT @HouseGOP: 📺WATCH: @Jim_Jordan highlights why this is a predetermined impeachment by Democrats. https://t.co/l9EexBKMGe
## 20:59:06
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: 🚨 Mic drop from @RepRatcliffe &amp; Jonathan Turley 🚨

➡️ RATCLIFFE: So if I were to summarize your testimony - no bribery,…
## 21:15:16
RT @GOPoversight: .@RepMattGaetz just brought the house down. 

When will Democrats bring in witnesses with actual first-hand knowledge of…
## 00:13:06
RT @TeamTrump: Tomorrow, Democrats will get THREE constitutional lawyers and Republicans will only get ONE!

This entire process is unfair…
## 20:57:38
RT @WhiteHouse: "If you impeach a president, if you make a high crime and misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it is an abuse of power.…
## 23:53:25
RT @GOPLeader: While President Trump is overseas defending the country,
Democrats are in Washington dividing the country. https://t.co/obd0…
## 20:57:08
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Jonathan Turley, not a Trump supporter, looks at Democrats and delivers one of the most powerful quotes of the hearing…
## 14:26:37
....When today’s meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
## 00:14:26
RT @TeamTrump: There's no denying that since @realDonaldTrump took office, @NATO has been significantly stronger.

The president secured $1…
## 22:35:21
RT @FLOTUS: A minor child deserves privacy and should be kept out of politics. Pamela Karlan, you should be ashamed of your very angry and…
## 22:33:17
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepMikeJohnson: “The greatest danger of this fraudulent impeachment production is not what happens this afternoon or…
