## 19:09:26
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He &amp; the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
## 00:39:37
RT @Jim_Jordan: Horowitz confirms Dossier was false, but the FBI misled the FISA court 17 times to get a warrant to spy on an American citi…
## 13:07:09
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, @BrettKavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
## 00:38:07
It’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
## 14:28:01
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” 
@Jason_Meister
## 23:26:05
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
## 02:27:02
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
## 00:40:03
RT @TeamTrump: The Democrat Party can't accept the fact that in the U.S., we have what's called a 'peaceful transition of power.'

They nev…
## 14:28:00
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....
## 16:08:24
https://t.co/97NvLGxMuj
## 14:30:12
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Enough! These Democrats in Trump districts said they were with @realDonaldTrump. They lied! - Now now its time to hear…
## 02:13:09
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” @LouDobbs
## 13:26:28
RT @WSJopinion: The Horowitz report reveals the Democrat’s many distortions, writes The Editorial Board https://t.co/Iv9LdXBqTu
## 14:25:38
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
## 14:56:35
RT @ainsleyearhardt: “The Characters of Christmas” is available on @foxnation today! I hope you watch. Thank you for your support, I’m so g…
## 14:52:32
RT @WSJopinion: The newly signed USMCA is a sweet relief to farmers in rural districts like mine, writes @RepTedBudd https://t.co/oZ5nUvUgHY
## 23:54:18
Congratulations @NavyFB! https://t.co/eoDccVFzJS
## 18:44:30
On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania! https://t.co/tWnDNRFyO1
## 13:19:31
RT @WSJopinion: Christopher Steele has little credibility left after the inspector general’s report, writes @KimStrassel
https://t.co/z0y9w…
## 18:01:49
https://t.co/Z0VHUlAwMD
## 00:40:14
RT @TeamTrump: Democrats once said there should “NEVER” be a totally partisan impeachment.
 
But that’s exactly what they are doing right n…
## 00:39:13
RT @TeamTrump: No president has accomplished more than President @realDonaldTrump has.

Democrats only want to remove him from office becau…
## 13:26:01
RT @WSJopinion: Justice Department IG Michael Horowitz compiled a factually damning report that even a thickheaded and biased press will ha…
## 20:21:11
https://t.co/zHSZxlgYvT
