## 20:20:19
RT @GOPChairwoman: Spot on. 
https://t.co/DnD5JlkdFb
## 20:22:33
RT @marklevinshow: I strongly support President Trump’s immigration proposal today.  Pelosi &amp; Schumer rejected it even before the president…
## 20:32:11
RT @senrobportman: .@POTUS has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement. It includes many of…
## 12:59:35
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
## 13:23:28
No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
## 20:31:08
RT @sendavidperdue: President Trump again spoke directly to the American people about the national security crisis at our southern border.…
## 20:31:36
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: A fantastic proposal Mr.  President! 

Let's get it done! https://t.co/m8bzYGRLTw
## 14:33:25
Thank you David! https://t.co/zsmNfTjEDR
## 20:21:45
RT @GOP: “I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take…
## 20:22:00
RT @GOPLeader: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g…
## 18:16:22
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
## 12:40:04
Always heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
## 18:16:46
https://t.co/yQkCrpooIT
## 23:42:53
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Demo…
## 23:42:41
RT @SenJohnThune: My statement on @POTUS’s proposal to end the shutdown: https://t.co/VCO1vwzaC3
## 14:03:26
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
## 13:11:51
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp; drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work.
## 20:31:55
RT @VP: Today @POTUS proposed a common sense plan to secure our border, reopen our government, and KEEP AMERICANS SAFE. Now it’s time for C…
## 23:42:02
RT @SenThomTillis: My statement on the President’s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security…
## 13:35:46
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!
## 20:31:25
RT @SenatorWicker: I support President @realDonaldTrump's plan. I will absolutely vote for this proposal when @senatemajldr brings up the b…
## 23:42:27
RT @marcorubio: @POTUS offers to support 2 bills sponsored by Dems (TPS &amp; DACA extensions)in exchange for Border Security (something Democr…
## 13:51:26
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!
## 14:20:57
Don’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
## 20:19:42
RT @charliekirk11: Breaking:

A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance…
