## 15:41:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GR…
## 00:48:09
Thanks James! https://t.co/iTdCEEiiRv
## 22:08:55
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
## 00:40:00
RT @GOPChairwoman: So many accomplishments from @realDonaldTrump and his administration over the past two years!
https://t.co/GL1QplJhoI
## 15:39:09
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay https://t.co/pEaVpCB8M4
## 15:22:36
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
## 00:50:08
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! https://t.co/Wc9bYtoLKq
## 00:35:32
RT @SenJohnHoeven: The president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security &amp; end the partial government shutdown. Read m…
## 17:46:05
Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay https://t.co/YsDEA3kygd
## 00:37:50
Will do a fantastic job! https://t.co/YkcenJhzsK
## 01:25:06
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
## 00:51:44
RT @VP: Honored to serve as @POTUS Trump’s Vice President these past two years, working to deliver historic results for the American people…
## 00:33:45
RT @SenatorLankford: The President offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government, and I look forward to c…
## 23:45:02
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
## 00:51:57
RT @WhiteHouse: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump’s first two years in office: https://t.co/xznAzXbrq3
## 05:03:01
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
## 00:35:02
RT @JerryMoran: This proposal, which incorporates provisions similar to legislation I introduced earlier this month with @SenRobPortman, in…
## 00:33:14
RT @JimInhofe: It is true and I'm glad to stand with you on this @realDonaldTrump. The Democrats need to come to the table so we can secure…
## 03:43:06
Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
## 04:08:13
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
## 15:40:50
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
## 03:54:27
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially @realDonaldTrump. Till then the…
## 23:37:28
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
## 00:39:09
RT @BudgetGOP: TODAY - @SenatorEnzi Welcomed new @BudgetGOP members @SenatorBraun, @SenRickScott and @SenKevinCramer https://t.co/yL31HsHXm…
## 21:57:59
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
