## 14:52:33
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump made sure the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to get paid during the #SchumerShutdown.
 
Mea…
## 02:01:26
RT @WhiteHouse: 2018 has been a year of historic accomplishments! https://t.co/6Iq5CFVdwY
## 22:51:12
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
## 23:11:12
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
## 14:54:32
RT @realDonaldTrump: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassado…
## 15:32:30
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover! https://t.co/RzOkeHl3KV
## 15:51:09
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
## 12:51:34
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
## 14:25:32
Happy New Year!
## 00:51:43
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp; whistles...
## 01:05:39
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
## 19:02:36
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
## 23:39:32
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
## 13:08:29
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
## 18:12:08
Congratulations to President 
@JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
## 14:32:01
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
## 14:50:39
RT @GOPChairwoman: Jobless claims fell last week to a 49-year low. Yet another sign that @realDonaldTrump’s economic policies are working a…
## 00:40:26
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp; Canada will also thrive - good for all!
## 22:44:03
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
## 14:55:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been…
