## 14:13:56
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
## 03:03:24
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
## 01:36:01
Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
## 01:18:04
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just a…
## 16:00:07
AMERICA FIRST!
## 14:08:24
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
## 14:00:17
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
## 22:51:00
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.
## 02:42:41
“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
## 15:59:35
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 16:58:04
https://t.co/6xciJ0ubp0
## 13:22:53
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
## 01:18:07
RT @realDonaldTrump: For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on Ch…
## 15:58:37
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
## 15:02:41
Kevin Corke, @FoxNews “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
