## 13:01:36
RT @PARISDENNARD: I trust a rancher on the Southern border more than a liberal politician from Northern California https://t.co/mo4oWe1SnI
## 13:03:50
RT @charliekirk11: No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe…
## 13:17:23
RT @TomFitton: For the first time in a generation, we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border. @…
## 13:04:16
RT @charliekirk11: GREAT AGAIN:

Prior to 2018, unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970

Under Donald Trump, in 2018, unempl…
## 12:49:21
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
## 13:02:10
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Worth the read. 

I’m A Senior Trump Official, And I Hope A Long Shutdown Smokes Out The Resistance https://t.co/6ahfOl…
## 12:37:55
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
## 11:58:52
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
## 12:25:45
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
## 13:02:21
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Since January 1, neither CNN nor MSNBC has booked a single Angel Mom — mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal…
## 13:25:59
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
## 13:05:16
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Inspector General Michael Horowitz still does NOT have all of Peter Strzok's and Lisa Page's texts, even though…
## 16:11:31
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
## 13:13:50
RT @paulsperry_: So...by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C.I. investigations, would this off-mike exchange between Obama &amp; Putin's deput…
## 13:17:39
RT @TomFitton: We must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting @RealDonaldTrump. https://t.co/wmox2XM7x8 https://t.co/8NY79Hv…
## 12:16:00
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
## 15:18:30
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! https://t.co/w8viax0OWY
## 13:02:49
RT @MZHemingway: NYT Reveals FBI Retaliated Against Trump For Lawfully Firing Comey https://t.co/LwJ7w1ctom
