## 22:19:49
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
## 12:23:11
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
## 20:37:44
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Silence of the Moms: Media Refuse to Discuss Angel Families https://t.co/AoVIquJge2 via @BreitbartNews
## 20:38:19
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘Angel mom’ demands Trump’s wall, ‘we’ve become collateral damage’ https://t.co/FoUPO11tmM
## 12:14:25
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
## 22:12:49
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
## 15:49:31
https://t.co/w5X8jqvtiS
## 18:44:35
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! https://t.co/ytZv0HLYun
## 12:18:27
RT @GeraldoRivera: Based on the record, the allegation/suggestion that the #FBI came close to investigating @realDonaldTrump as a Russian s…
## 12:17:40
RT @GOPChairwoman: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with @realDonaldTrump.
 
Instead, Congressional Democra…
## 01:45:10
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
## 12:35:13
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
## 03:18:31
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
## 12:17:09
RT @GOPChairwoman: It didn't get the attention it deserved, but @realDonaldTrump recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al…
## 12:26:18
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
## 19:48:31
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the American Farm Bureau Federation's 100th Annual Convention https://t.co/tMWj5zj3K0
## 13:44:59
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
## 12:19:49
RT @GOPChairwoman: Smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs.

*300 Americans die each week from heroin, 90% of it comes from south…
## 03:03:03
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!
## 12:18:52
RT @GOPChairwoman: Economic policies that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump have championed are producing some fantastic results for Americ…
## 02:52:59
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash! https://t.co/D5KWr8EPan
## 22:19:50
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
## 03:12:34
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
