## 13:22:19
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
## 13:44:39
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
## 15:27:29
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! https://t.co/WX0o8gaiMC
## 01:39:07
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
## 18:04:38
#HolocaustMemorialDay
https://t.co/zBQjfUOdtj https://t.co/hgTBGoECUU
## 15:30:50
RT @GOP: “300 people are dying from heroin overdoses a week in this country, 90% of it is coming over the southern border… We’ve got to sto…
## 01:51:57
WITCH HUNT!
## 15:20:27
RT @ChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others.

Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for stan…
## 18:22:55
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/yDdCG5DCxn
## 01:49:53
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
## 15:28:22
RT @KenPaxtonTX: VOTER FRAUD ALERT: The @TXsecofstate discovered approx 95,000 individuals identified by DPS as non-U.S. citizens have a ma…
## 15:11:55
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!
