## 03:56:26
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:

At our Southern Border, in 2018:

1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized

17,000 criminals were arre…
## 03:43:13
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!
## 13:41:25
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
## 18:17:01
RT @SenateGOP: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder https://t.co/dMpYb3p4Wy
## 03:59:15
RT @charliekirk11: Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to…
## 04:11:41
RT @dbongino: New Poll: Vast Majority of Voters Believe There is "Crisis" or "Problem" at U.S. Border https://t.co/bzFimBid26
## 03:53:03
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
## 03:55:59
RT @charliekirk11: President Trump is winning this shutdown fight

Democrats have no message, and are refusing to open government because t…
## 13:43:54
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 03:59:42
RT @parscale: Just received my newest voter score tracking from my team. @realDonaldTrump has reached his highest national approval rating…
## 13:43:15
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
## 13:24:30
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
## 03:55:30
RT @charliekirk11: This is why we need a wall

Illegal immigration is a serious threat to our country

90% of all heroin comes across the b…
## 18:14:31
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
## 22:41:01
From the Southern Border.... https://t.co/Vgsf5nEZUH
## 16:47:11
President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! https://t.co/L506g9Aq4z
## 13:34:10
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
