## 22:34:18
.@DBongino’s new book, "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump," is terrific. He's tough, he's smart, and he really gets it. His book is on sale now, I highly recommend!
## 04:39:03
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
## 22:47:59
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! https://t.co/MtGjmhMO8B
## 11:54:16
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious, and perhaps subversive, crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
## 22:43:12
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now, the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
## 12:16:12
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40,000,000 (is that possible?), it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
## 22:14:22
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
## 16:34:19
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
## 22:14:21
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or, as they call it, #TRUMPONOMICS....
## 11:37:14
General Motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S., including BMW, which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
## 16:34:18
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia, I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
## 12:32:13
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China, and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs, build in the U.S.A. Otherwise, lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
## 04:36:07
Sebastian Gorka, a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House, has just written an excellent book, “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
## 22:03:52
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics, and more. He has experienced so much, in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage, and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
