## 13:24:16
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
## 11:49:45
Indiana Rally, and Coach Bobby Knight, were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
## 10:54:55
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win, she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
## 21:12:07
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott, who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
## 16:32:29
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy
## 00:40:33
In just 4 days, the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate, so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!! https://t.co/dO3Nr8nuJi
## 21:05:26
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
## 20:38:43
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulations, shut down your coal mines and timber mills, take away your healthcare, impose socialism, and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana! https://t.co/aDnCQKY7QD
## 00:49:30
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov, @CBP, and Law Enforcement! https://t.co/jmnmO26Yb3
## 02:56:11
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border, Crime, the Military, our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
## 01:27:44
Massive #MAGARally🇺🇸tonight in Indiana, thank you. Everyone get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! https://t.co/5jVFO6SIsz
## 20:57:38
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide, and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs, crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
## 12:04:35
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250,000 new jobs in October. Also, wages rising. Wow!
## 21:12:03
In all the time I’ve been President, almost two years, never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
## 18:03:15
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... https://t.co/PCibGjS209
## 23:05:05
Heading to Pensacola, Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday? https://t.co/te7RHdAeKA
## 13:38:55
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
## 16:34:25
RT @IvankaTrump: As the FIRST female Governor of Iowa, @IAGovernor cut taxes, balanced the budget (with a 127 m surplus!) &amp; fostered a pro-…
## 23:00:22
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug, he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
## 16:48:27
New York, get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy, a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
