## 12:50:29
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 21:42:30
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism, by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens, is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
## 04:40:03
AMERICA FIRST!
## 22:17:33
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible, costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
## 22:18:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: AMERICA FIRST!
## 14:16:26
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” 

Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! https://t.co/KpmsrKCaBZ
## 15:13:33
Great new book out, “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
## 12:49:51
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54, was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia, but let’s go lower!
## 21:31:24
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza, National Border Patrol Council
## 21:09:20
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers, they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
## 03:43:41
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year, for the first time in decades, they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
## 22:18:28
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 20:51:11
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts, but you do indeed have “Obama judges,” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary,” but if it is why......
