## 13:42:29
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing, especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
## 12:01:51
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
## 12:30:27
....and Safety at the Border, or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam, chaos, injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
## 15:12:12
https://t.co/y4chCfEDke
## 12:21:51
Justice Roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control, has a horrible reputation, is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country, 79%, &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
## 00:36:06
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
## 23:07:44
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless, they are working hard to make America a safer place, though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
## 11:58:24
“It’s a mean &amp; nasty world out there, the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment, &amp; one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition, many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S., big Jobs &amp; Oil!
## 21:26:12
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC, and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
## 00:23:09
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
