## 19:38:45
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.... https://t.co/3YQYZR8OzS
## 13:18:29
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
## 15:49:20
By the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility, I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO, too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
## 01:19:55
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
## 16:32:09
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes, too much spotlight on them now!
## 13:17:06
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France, 26%, and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way, there is no country more Nationalist than France, very proud people-and rightfully so!........
## 17:07:45
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed, nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
## 13:07:08
On Trade, France makes excellent wine, but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France, and charges big Tariffs, whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines, and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair, must change!
## 21:03:38
Today, we gathered for Diwali, a holiday observed by Buddhists, Sikhs, and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/epHogpTY1A https://t.co/9LUwnhngWJ
## 21:20:48
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali, the Hindu Festival of Lights, in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very, very special people! https://t.co/kQk7IvpSFo https://t.co/tYlBABg4JF
## 11:50:41
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S., China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
## 21:35:42
“Boom: Record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
