## 04:40:30
RT @GOP: “Only with a strong Senate GOP majority can we defend your tax cuts, defend your Second Amendment, protect your Medicare and Socia…
## 13:07:23
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past, and look where they come from. The now $30,000,000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
## 19:05:39
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
## 13:32:57
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
## 12:30:37
The Phony Witch Hunt continues, but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side, not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people, ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
## 12:42:58
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System, where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this, and it won’t be Mueller and his...
## 04:54:58
RT @GOP: “Tomorrow, the voters of this state will cast their ballots in one of the most important Senate elections of your lives—of all of…
## 04:40:22
RT @GOP: “I need the great people of Mississippi to send a message to… the radical Democrats by electing @cindyhydesmith.” -@realDonaldTrum…
