## 03:42:08
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
## 13:40:18
RT @The_Trump_Train: https://t.co/FWJRNzBUB3
## 14:49:31
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio, Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also, the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event, it is being studied now!
## 13:41:14
RT @The_Trump_Train: Illegals can get up to $3,874 a month under Federal Assistance program. Our social security checks are on average $120…
## 14:29:30
RT @MikePenceVP: I'm thankful for every day Hillary Clinton is not President!
## 16:09:47
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America, just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
## 13:41:29
RT @The_Trump_Train: Will CNN ever ask Border Patrol agents how they felt having large rocks chucked at them by criminal illegals?
## 03:38:48
Brenda Snipes, in charge of voting in Broward County, Florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding, she is a fine, very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
## 14:43:31
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in, many more cars would be built here.....
## 13:40:48
RT @The_Trump_Train: If GM doesn't want to keep their jobs in the United States, they should pay back the $11.2 billion bailout that was fu…
## 14:31:18
RT @dbongino: What the hell is this? 👇🏻 https://t.co/3haUa6XMRe
## 23:32:11
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family, I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts, warmth to your homes, cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018🎄 https://t.co/XNMJQ5JDSU
## 14:32:20
RT @charliekirk11: WOW - if a conservative said this they would be boycotted and not allowed back in the public arena — Hillary said “all b…
## 00:31:37
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server), but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
## 13:39:38
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp; they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
