## 22:12:26
RT @MatthewJshow: @realDonaldTrump The choice is clear this November!

Continue with prosperity with President Trump's robust and successfu…
## 22:10:22
Thank you! https://t.co/SqRmH7vP39
## 12:30:27
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 11:49:31
WINRED! https://t.co/G09J35NVVj
## 22:12:05
RT @JennyGuice: @realDonaldTrump Lord I'm Thankful Each Day,
 
Trump gives us Faith
Trump gives us Virtue
Trump gives us Dignity
Trump give…
## 12:04:48
RT @senatemajldr: There will be no haggling with the House over Senate procedure. We will not cede our authority to try this impeachment. T…
## 11:53:51
RT @GOPChairwoman: Instead of attacking @realDonaldTrump with Iranian talking points about “needless provocations,” Pelosi should be suppor…
## 11:55:17
RT @Scavino45: “As long as I am President of the United States, Iran will never be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.”
@POTUS @realDonaldTru…
## 22:49:55
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 12:01:03
RT @marcorubio: Former Obama officials &amp; their media protectors can howl all they want.

It’s a FACT that as part of  #IranDeal they delive…
## 11:47:40
See you later! https://t.co/zHEYAnMVLh
## 11:54:09
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: @IvankaTrump on the Blue Collar Boom and rising wages under @realDonaldTrump! https://t.co/DSJArTYvKT
## 11:51:30
RT @TeamTrump: Vice President @mike_pence: The American People can rest easier tonight because of the leadership of @realDonaldTrump and th…
## 15:47:49
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
## 22:34:17
Smart analysis, I fully agree! https://t.co/0YMU7GunDt
## 12:01:34
RT @marcorubio: Natl Security officials gave a compelling briefing to Senators just now. They answered every important question. 

Anyone w…
## 12:21:44
Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment, which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place, because after all of these years of investigations and persecution, they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam!
## 17:59:20
Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! #LESM https://t.co/kNN3RetVvs
## 12:26:00
RT @EliseStefanik: Dems obsessed w/ impeachment but won't send articles to the Senate. Why? It's bc they don't want a trial that will EXPOS…
## 22:55:41
Heading to Toledo, Ohio, for first Rally of the year. Tremendous crowd. Here we go for a big 2020 Win!
## 13:20:47
Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution. Also, remember her “speed &amp; rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on &amp; done. Well, she never sent the Articles to the Senate. Just another Democrat fraud. Presidential Harassment!
## 11:58:51
Great! https://t.co/9QByhxRluS
## 22:13:13
RT @StewardshipAmer: @realDonaldTrump All citizens, including black Americans, should be supporting President @realDonaldTrump; because he…
## 12:24:31
Thank you Elise! https://t.co/Y4Hb0zf5jk
## 11:52:28
RT @Mike_Pence: Joined President @realDonaldTrump in the Situation Room last night upon reports the Islamic Republic of Iran had launched m…
## 11:54:26
RT @piersmorgan: *NEW: Forget the pathetic two-faced liberal bleating - President @realDonaldTrump was absolutely right to take out #Soleim…
## 15:00:36
U.S. Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration.
## 13:46:26
Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision &amp; gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall, Four Billion Dollars. Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start!
