## 11:59:02
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Now she is sitting on the Articles and trying to run the Senate – denying President Trump his day in court.
 
Presiden…
## 11:59:26
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: To my Democratic colleagues:  40 years of Iranian aggression needs to be dealt with forcefully.
 
Iran is:

▶️ The lar…
## 11:59:51
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I will oppose any War Powers resolution pushed by @SpeakerPelosi so as to allow this President to have the latitude he…
## 00:40:15
Amazing analysis &amp; reporting! https://t.co/OC2sbdIAdh
## 02:54:11
RT @ByronYork: The White House can assert executive privilege. It's not Bolton's privilege; it's the president's. If executive privilege co…
## 01:50:37
RT @TomFitton: Coup update...
## 19:05:20
Had a very good meeting with @kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia. We discussed Trade, Military, Oil Prices, Security, and Stability in the Middle East!
## 01:50:19
RT @LouDobbs: Web of Corruption. @TomFitton says new @JudicialWatch documents expose the corrupt Obama State Department’s involvement in Sp…
## 02:51:48
RT @marcthiessen: Every word Pompeo said is true.
## 12:00:06
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I very much support Senator @tedcruz's resolution in support of President @realDonaldTrump's decision to take out Iran…
## 12:12:07
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I think the vast majority agree killing 600+ Americans is well beyond justification to say: enough is enough. 

And yet…
## 02:06:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: How terrible was the Obama-Biden Iran policy?

In 2016, their Secretary of State John Kerry admitted that some Iranian s…
## 12:00:49
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President @realDonaldTrump’s National security team — @VP Pence, @SecPompeo, @EsperDoD, and national security advisor…
## 12:02:03
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President @realDonaldTrump took decisive, preemptive action to foil a plot directed at American personnel.

As to what…
## 11:59:06
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: 📌 When it comes to @SpeakerPelosi’s political stunts regarding the Articles of Impeachment – Enough Already!
 
📌 Speak…
## 12:00:19
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @tedcruz @realDonaldTrump I’ll be interested to see if the hatred of President Trump prevents Democrats from recognizi…
## 00:12:21
RT @TuckerCarlson: San Francisco's left-wing government has turned the city into an "American Dystopia" - Our shocking &amp; exclusive 5-part s…
## 13:27:12
Great interview with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy on @foxandfriends. “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case.”
## 12:02:22
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: We killed the most powerful man in Tehran short of the Ayatollah.  

This was not an act of revenge for what he had do…
## 11:44:32
We love Australia! https://t.co/BFPCNS81YR
## 00:41:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/dXBP7Srsqy
## 01:50:55
RT @TomFitton: #StoptheCoup
## 11:55:15
RT @marcorubio: Worth repeating. 

The testimony &amp; evidence considered in a Senate impeachment trial should be the same testimony &amp; evidenc…
## 00:39:02
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@KellyannePolls said it best: "I'm not going to be lectured by people who voted... to fork over $130 billion in cash to Ir…
## 11:59:34
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: ▶️ Dismembering Syria and Yemen.
▶️ Killing their own citizens who are demanding freedom
 
President Trump is right to…
## 00:12:29
RT @SenateGOP: Qassem Soleimani’s 20-year span of terror is finally over.
 
America—and the world—are safer because @realdonaldtrump took a…
## 02:51:42
RT @hughhewitt: This is attempted deterrence. It doesn’t always work, but Iran —against the backdrop of prior restraint followed by decisiv…
## 02:48:55
RT @BradThor: Very informative piece --&gt; "It is impossible to overstate the importance of this particular action. It is more significant th…
## 11:55:53
RT @marcorubio: U.S. intent with regards to #Iran is clear

Future U.S. military action depends entirely on what Iran decides to do first…
## 12:11:55
RT @JudgeJeanine: .@RepMarkMeadows joined me to talk about the latest on Iran, take a look: https://t.co/H7abiJHyEe
## 02:09:25
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump inherited a MESS from the Obama and Biden years. 

But he is cleaning it up very quickly! https:/…
## 12:01:56
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: When it comes to the death of General Soleimani, there is no one to blame but himself.

He effectively signed his own…
## 02:50:51
RT @marcthiessen: Besides Soleimani already carried out an attack that killed an American citizen. Trump needed no other justification.
