## 22:56:19
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, A Record. Thank You!
## 22:58:25
They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie, just like last time. Some things never change!
## 22:42:01
RT @CHC_1927: Happy Birthday to one of the greatest leading men of Hollywood's golden age Cary Grant!  (1904 –1986) https://t.co/2txoJoQvSW
## 13:37:33
RT @mercedesschlapp: Honored to join @LaraLeaTrump @kayleighmcenany @ashleyhayek on the #WomenForTrump bus tour. Meeting amazing Iowan wome…
## 13:35:26
“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
## 13:19:20
Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
## 14:57:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs.” @FoxNews
## 23:18:22
A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall, built around New York to protect it from rare storms, is a costly, foolish &amp; environmentally unfriendly idea that, when needed, probably won’t work anyway. It will also look terrible. Sorry, you’ll just have to get your mops &amp; buckets ready!
## 13:38:28
RT @TeamTrump: Thank you to all the GREAT women who came out to support President @realDonaldTrump in Iowa!

Best moments from the trip bel…
## 19:11:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia. That’s what happens when you vo…
## 22:52:39
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/jVr7qmYOvu
## 13:33:13
“Day after day, really good news on the economy. By the way, this didn’t just happen by accident, it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place. Obviously, the Tax Cut, and now we have these two BIG trade deals.” @StephenMoore  Great future growth!
## 23:16:21
Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters, has already proven to be inaccurately reported, to their great embarrassment, all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country, at a record clip. Thank you!
## 13:09:51
A great day at the White House for our National Champions, the LSU Tigers! https://t.co/0sbotFsMO7
## 13:04:17
RT @ashleyhayek: First stop in the Hawkeye State! Women for Trump are excited to show support for @realDonaldTrump - a great panel with @La…
## 13:39:45
RT @seanhannity: Think about it. Since @realDonaldTrump was elected, what have Democrats, what have the media ever done to improve the live…
## 22:50:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December, 16.9%, biggest in many years!
## 00:57:56
CONGRATULATIONS! #GeauxTigers https://t.co/Axc9ezAdar
