## 13:24:51
RT @SenateForeign: My statement on the U.S. response to Iranian missile strikes against U.S.-Iraqi bases:
https://t.co/IYYnK2wsKq https://t…
## 13:25:44
I agree. Jovita will do a great job! https://t.co/3uwI4NUxBn
## 13:30:12
RT @SenPatRoberts: I am proud to join my colleagues in introducing a resolution honoring our fearless military, intelligence community &amp; th…
## 13:36:12
RT @SenatorCollins: Since 2016, Congress has boosted funding to address the opioid epidemic by 1,300 percent. To ensure those struggling wi…
## 01:57:45
THANK YOU TOLEDO, OHIO!
https://t.co/PL96KjQWat
## 13:43:18
RT @SenatorWicker: .@SenateGOP is working to make USMCA a reality. This bipartisan agreement will receive expedited consideration now that…
## 15:37:36
She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in U.S. History! https://t.co/aTCkFW3pr4
## 13:11:01
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The War Powers Resolution is an infringement on the president’s constitutional powers as Commander in Chief.

https://…
## 15:31:27
I love constantly proving them wrong. It’s easy! https://t.co/N2bgTBKum6
## 13:17:59
RT @SenTomCotton: As the president stated earlier this week, Iran must never be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon.
## 13:42:38
RT @SenatorFischer: Based on the information presented at today’s Iran briefing, I believe @realDonaldTrump acted appropriately and respons…
## 13:41:04
RT @SenCapito: “I definitely think @realDonaldTrump did the right thing, and I think it was very justified.” Watch my full interview with @…
## 23:32:11
Will be interviewed tonight by Laura @IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
## 02:07:24
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation. We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 https://t.co/azKL54A6BU
## 13:32:55
RT @SenShelby: Big news: @Airbus will again increase production rates in #Mobile, AL - resulting in 275 new jobs. Proud this company is bui…
## 13:35:08
RT @SenCoryGardner: I hope the latest events have made it clear to Iran that the United States will never back down from protecting our peo…
## 13:39:42
We will get this done for our great Miners! https://t.co/8x3WwEo0eV
## 12:55:27
Wow! Thank you Greg. Hope I live up to your expectations. https://t.co/jBWn1ksGo4
## 13:04:07
Great interview this morning by @foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo, Ohio. Thank you. Such amazing energy!
## 13:41:33
RT @SenCapito: For months, House Democrats said @realDonaldTrump was a national security threat and that impeachment was urgent. Where’s th…
## 13:17:08
RT @SenTomCotton: Thank you to all the law enforcement officers in Arkansas and across the country who put their lives on the line every da…
## 13:22:40
RT @GovernorLittle: I am a strong advocate of healthy lands and waters, and I support President Trump's plans to update the National Enviro…
## 13:15:31
RT @sendavidperdue: Speaker Pelosi is wasting the American people's time. @realDonaldTrump deserves his day in court &amp; the Senate is ready…
## 02:15:31
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020 https://t.co/05XRX2odxN
## 15:27:52
RT @ByronYork: Oops! This morning senior House Dem Adam Smith broke ranks with Pelosi, said time to send impeachment articles to Senate. No…
## 02:04:08
Under my administration, we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism! https://t.co/022PjwhHjs
## 13:32:17
RT @SenShelby: Today I joined a resolution with 26 of my colleagues condemning the House of Representatives for withholding the Articles of…
## 13:11:21
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: To the House Dems and GOPers who voted for this resolution: You have done nothing to legally restrict President Trump’…
## 13:15:58
RT @sendavidperdue: President @realDonaldTrump has made it clear that Iran’s destabilizing behavior will not be tolerated.

I’m hopeful Ira…
## 13:34:22
RT @SenCoryGardner: I’m amazed by the Coloradans who work every day to protect Colorado’s forests and are now helping fight the horrible wi…
## 13:30:57
RT @JerryMoran: Thank you, @SecWilkie! I appreciate your leadership at the VA and look forward to working with you in my new role as chairm…
## 13:41:41
RT @SenCapito: I’m joining @LindseyGrahamSC in urging Speaker Pelosi to send over the Articles of Impeachment. This delay is an abuse of po…
## 15:08:14
“11,000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump. Today it may hit 29,000. That has NEVER happened before in that time frame. That has added 12.8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business.” @Varneyco @FoxNews  The best is yet to come!
## 15:11:46
“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this (Economy).” @Varneyco @foxandfriends
## 13:23:44
RT @MikeCrapo: Providers will have access to information to recommend lower-cost alternatives, and Medicare Part B will appropriately pay p…
## 13:20:59
RT @SenDanSullivan: Glad to meet today with my new colleague in the Senate—Kelly Loeffler, from the state of Georgia. As I learned today, S…
## 13:19:39
RT @SenTomCotton: Another senseless murder of an innocent American by armed gunmen in Mexico, this time a 13 year-old boy. The Senate shoul…
## 13:31:46
RT @JerryMoran: @SenFinance Also, met with @USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer to discuss Phase One of the trade agrmt w/ China. Includes commitm…
## 13:27:38
Thank you Mike! https://t.co/0cNENCP1h7
