## 02:36:27
Thank you Milwaukee, Wisconsin! #KAG2020 #MAGA https://t.co/Oj2pOxsYlA
## 06:07:01
RT @michaeljknowles: If the election were held in the 24 hours after this #DemocraticDebate, Trump would win every single state, including…
## 03:56:31
RT @HeatherChilders: Are the #DemocraticDebate &amp; #TrumpRallyMilwaukee discussing the same country?
## 04:46:25
Steyer is running low on cash. Nobody knows him. Made his money on coal. So funny! https://t.co/vS48ta5IFr
## 06:05:25
RT @MAGAindex: Where was Biden in “fixing” all the trade deals under 8 yrs of Obama? 

Now he claims he can fix every problem in the countr…
## 05:00:00
RT @JessieJaneDuff: President Trump's amazing record for #Veterans:

Historical $86.5 Bil for VA✅
Lowest vet unemployment✅
Federal college…
## 03:56:27
RT @JesseMeester: The debate showed one thing obvious: The Democrats only hope to beat @realDonaldTrump is to impeach him.

A chasm is grow…
## 06:13:50
I agree with him on this, 100%. But why would anyone vote Democrat? We are setting all time records with the economy! https://t.co/trTemE8iUz
## 05:50:40
RT @SebGorka: Support him at: 

https://t.co/j5rGnXYQZd https://t.co/RIX4iIGqnl
## 14:37:24
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues, and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by k…
## 05:38:29
RT @senatemajldr: It’s clear Democrats see impeachment as one big political game. Sen. Schumer told reporters that as long as the process h…
## 05:35:21
RT @DevinNunes: Full blown McCarthyism on display... Did the Russians decide not to play in the 2018 elections so that Pelosi could become…
## 14:37:11
RT @realDonaldTrump: Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said, “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate.” True, but why didn’t Nervous Na…
## 04:32:01
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, @BorisJohnson, stated, “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal.” I agree!
## 02:43:27
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/xi2yTS5fY1
## 05:02:45
RT @marc_lotter: Hey Comrade Sanders, the Iran Deal gave the green light to Iran for a nuclear bomb in a few years - and BILLIONS to fund t…
## 04:54:04
RT @DanScavino: 🚨HAPPENING NOW🚨
President Trump hosting a MASSIVE rally in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with Great American Patriots, all with the…
## 15:33:21
Here we go again, another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats. All of this work was supposed to be done by the House, not the Senate!
## 06:05:41
RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump’s Administration is delivering a cleaner environment for American families.

✅Emissions of all key air po…
## 02:49:47
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally https://t.co/LAl96RE49h
## 05:39:12
RT @senatemajldr: First, Democrats spent weeks saying the House case was totally convincing. Now, the opposite: They say the House case is…
## 06:18:35
RT @DailyCaller: Van Jones:

“There was nothing I saw tonight that would be able to take Donald Trump out.”
https://t.co/cj8e5JkYqW
## 05:54:27
RT @kilmeade: .@jockowillink says President @realDonaldTrump's gamble ordering the strike that killed Soleimani was a brilliant move that k…
## 05:36:14
RT @StumpforTrump: .@LindseyGrahamSC: “I’m really over with this. This whole thing is a joke. Nothing happened here. We’re not going to imp…
## 05:52:15
RT @greggutfeld: if you were a space alien, bouncing between the debate and the trump rally, you'd think these are two different species --…
## 04:26:27
RT @SenTedCruz: ICYMI on @AmericaNewsroom w @BillHemmer: The Senate will provide a fair #ImpeachmentTrial by respecting due process &amp; allow…
## 05:39:33
RT @senatemajldr: We’ve reached a simple contradiction. The House case cannot be so robust that it was enough to rush into impeachment, and…
## 04:26:04
RT @SenTedCruz: The recent jobs report is proof that under @realDonaldTrump &amp; Republicans’ leadership the American people are seeing real r…
## 06:06:23
RT @Liz_Wheeler: Your daily reminder that Democrats want to:

- Open borders
- Abolish private health insurance
- Ban your AR-15s
- Give il…
## 16:50:48
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS Signs the Phase One Trade Agreement! https://t.co/teqGqjdgeZ
## 02:53:55
Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, &amp; from every race, religion, color &amp; creed. We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness &amp; justice, equality &amp; dignity, opportunity &amp; safety. We are a big tent, &amp; a big party, w/ BIG IDEAS for the future! https://t.co/8Gib5eKMOF
## 05:34:51
RT @heytana: "Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! 🦅✈️🇺🇸 no it’s a massive .@realDonaldTrump banner at the #DemocraticDebate #KA…
## 06:04:10
RT @GOPChairwoman: If 2020 Democrats actually cared about hardworking Americans, they would not be touting a socialist agenda that threaten…
## 05:45:31
Now up to 187 Federal Judges, and two great new Supreme Court Justices. We are in major record territory. Hope EVERYONE is happy! https://t.co/ymEQljJyib
## 03:18:03
Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani. Thank you General Jones!
## 04:21:17
RT @SenTedCruz: THEN
Dems on Clinton impeachment: innocent until proven guilty! 
 
NOW
Dems on Trump impeachment: guilty until proven innoc…
