## 18:29:19
....the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam. Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse. So if he wants to clear his name, prove that his office is indeed incompetent.” @DevinNunes @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews The ICIG never wanted proof!
## 14:26:50
Michael Goodwin, New York Post: “Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs. His (John Kerry) claim bears no relation to reality. The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America &amp; other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities. It overlooked....
## 13:10:18
RT @SenTomCotton: The future of our Iran policy is critical to the global competition that will determine America’s safety and position in…
## 18:29:17
House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint. ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions. “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony. Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen, from the Russia Hoax, to...
## 23:46:18
National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions &amp; protests have Iran “choked off”, will force them to negotiate. Actually, I couldn’t care less if they negotiate. Will be totally up to them but, no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters.”
## 13:09:42
RT @SenTomCotton: But the brave people of Iran are not fooled. They have no illusions about the evil men who rule them. As they yet again t…
## 14:06:03
John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA. Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran. They then went on a Middle East Rampage! @foxandfriends @PeteHegseth
## 15:30:20
Great idea. This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed. Did NOTHING wrong. Just a partisan vote. Zero Republicans. Never happened before! https://t.co/47oV6z4RQc
## 13:09:50
RT @SenTomCotton: The American left and media cover relentlessly for Iran’s murderous regime. They claim that staged mass rallies mean the…
## 04:12:21
I hope the House and Senate Democrats, in particular watch this. It is a classic. Thank you to @JudgeJeanine Pirro! https://t.co/O8P9J0CArF
## 13:48:30
To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS. Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you, and the World is watching. More importantly, the USA is watching. Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people!
## 18:41:13
You can’t make this up!  David Kris, a highly controversial former DOJ official, was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures. Zero credibility. THE SWAMP! @DevinNunes  @MariaBartiromo @FoxNews
## 19:37:02
https://t.co/gdDcamhY9M
## 19:55:08
Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence, no crime, read the transcripts, “no pressure”  Impeachment Hoax, rather than an outright dismissal, it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have. I agree!
## 13:13:44
Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee. You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team. Big WIN last night!
## 14:26:51
....discretion, and only as a last resort.” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin. Could not have said it better myself!
## 05:51:45
RT @GOPLeader: Think of the contrast. ↴
While Democrats are trying to remove President Trump from office, the President is focused on remov…
## 16:44:28
خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد. هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند، و جهان نظاره گر است. مهمتر از ان، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است. اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد و به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد! https://t.co/rzpx3Nfn03
## 16:13:56
Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress? He must be a Witness, and so should she!
## 16:40:18
Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong? Read the Transcripts! A totally partisan Hoax, never happened before. House Republicans voted 195-0, with three Dems voting with the Republicans. Very unfair to tens of millions of voters!
## 19:02:01
Wow! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls, looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party. So what does this all mean? Stay tuned!
## 04:07:54
https://t.co/wBcidgZ2fK
## 19:37:58
https://t.co/2iv5aiFEVu
## 04:19:03
Thank you Rudy! @JudgeJeanine 
https://t.co/hk9yuQo4Nm
## 13:58:09
George @GStephanopoulos, ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President &amp; read his false words to Congress and the world, as though I said it? He got caught! Ask why hearing was most unfair &amp; biased in history?
## 19:38:25
https://t.co/5YjLSVEXts
## 13:28:34
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on another big win. She is a great player and an even greater person. Our members in Virginia (Tennis) will never forget you! https://t.co/55ZhYVTpUU
## 15:26:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/wBcidgZ2fK
## 15:25:08
“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment. Her Articles are so weak. But more importantly, she thought she could extort the Senate. She couldn’t.” @GreggJarrett @foxandfriends The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left. Too bad!
