## 21:21:18
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!
## 04:10:41
"EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!" https://t.co/WUNOSKZC6T
## 12:15:42
RT @JudicialWatch: JW 60 Seconds: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that…
## 11:44:03
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OpEd read and RT🇺🇸

Donald Trump will win the Democratic Party civil war | TheHill https://t.co/NhftUC975e
## 04:22:51
“MUELLER’S PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!” https://t.co/XTD5f5ZOz2
## 12:12:21
RT @JudicialWatch: @TomFitton: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians? https://t.co/bHMktH5F…
## 12:11:00
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications between the FBI &amp; former FBI Dep…
## 12:14:49
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch's latest press release on CA cleaning up 1.5M names on the voter rolls is a step towards cleaner election…
## 11:42:04
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Rick Perry: Now that Ross Perot is gone, I can tell this story | Commentary | Dallas News https://t.co/pWaySYxYLh
## 11:40:25
RT @VP: ignoring the excellent care being provided to families and children. Our great @CBP agents deserve better and the American people d…
## 11:47:00
RT @McConnellPress: At @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell's request the Trump Administration will aid #Kentucky in the War on #AsianCarp by dedi…
## 12:20:51
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.” https://t.co/EEa41Kn6fX
## 13:50:46
RT @NWS: #Barry will slowly move inland today and continue to produce the following hazards...

-Life-threatening storm surge to coastal ar…
## 11:47:30
RT @senatemajldr: Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems.…
## 11:41:37
RT @HawleyMO: .@realDonaldTrump is right: we can’t just hope Big Tech will behave better. We have to hold them accountable https://t.co/Kt8…
## 02:17:31
RT @IvankaTrump: #WGDP is proud to work w/ @USAID to advance women’s economic empowerment. Thank you @USAIDMarkGreen for your commitment to…
## 02:19:12
RT @parscale: Great to have UNITY in Pennsylvania! We are excited to get to work with @PAGOP Chairman Lawrence Tabas and @TeamTrump Pennsyl…
## 11:41:25
RT @RandPaul: Federal, state, and local law enforcement must work together to enforce our laws and protect our communities.  I applaud @Gov…
## 12:12:11
RT @JudicialWatch: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the…
## 11:40:40
RT @VP: CNN is so dishonest. Today we took reporters to a detention facility on the border for families and children and all told us they w…
## 11:49:39
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that he ra…
## 03:51:38
"BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE" @SeanHannity https://t.co/MUbkCXRpfM
## 02:19:26
RT @robbystarbuck: Rep. @Jim_Jordan let’s loose on all of the elected Democrats in Congress who’ve denied there’s a crisis at the border an…
## 12:13:29
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “The dossier, used by Mueller to target @realDonaldTrump, should have been investigated by #Mueller if he w…
## 11:56:33
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wife’s campaign, while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI! https://t.co/bHweiBBj7z
## 12:12:44
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “We are all supposed to pretend that Mueller’s investigation was legit &amp; it was part of an effort to remove…
## 11:59:10
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton's breaking news on #Clintonemailscandal: "New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails &amp; then let…
## 11:48:09
RT @senatemajldr: It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc…
## 03:39:59
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! https://t.co/WVp3KeKg8h
## 01:13:22
Leaving the Great State of Ohio! https://t.co/WTLC1fFzWl
## 11:37:23
RT @Trump: Three of the most spectacular golf courses in the world ⛳ @TrumpGolf

Tune into @GolfChannel next week during @TheOpen to catch…
## 21:19:21
....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective &amp; stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
## 02:16:47
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAndyBiggsAZ is right. For months, Democrats claimed there wasn't even a crisis on the border!

They sure have changed…
## 11:38:56
RT @THEHermanCain: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump for the invite to the White House Social Media Summit. I enjoyed my time and am grateful f…
## 11:45:01
RT @thehill: Former Obama Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that decriminalization would attract hundreds of thousands of new…
## 12:11:45
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “The president should direct the DOJ to re-open the Clinton investigation to reassure Americans that there…
## 20:58:20
RT @BreitbartNews: Joe Biden was caught on camera saying: "We need family separation." 

VIDEO:
https://t.co/sl4Nt7QylD
## 11:43:09
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Does anyone else remember when Democrats used to oppose illegal immigration? https://t.co/PFfx1guFm7
## 12:14:33
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton in @FoxNews: “The Dems recognize there are issues w/Mueller's testimony. They're trying to protect themselve…
