## 01:47:51
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
## 15:54:37
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump gives a statement on the tragic shooting in Gilroy, California. https://t.co/pcrH72ctlg
## 11:48:54
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
## 10:49:27
Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp; protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
## 10:30:40
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him &amp; Don King, always got along well. He “loved Trump!” He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites &amp; Cops! https://t.co/ZwPZa0FWfN
## 20:40:44
Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
## 10:04:03
Good luck with the book George, should do well! https://t.co/Rdti0VyFLd
## 11:04:40
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
## 22:24:02
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
## 13:18:14
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!
## 01:51:47
“The Democrats hate this President so much, they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
## 12:46:58
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......
## 10:04:29
RT @GeorgePapa19: Message to the house democrats: time to legislate not investigate. The only investigations that should be going on right…
## 12:46:59
....even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
## 15:54:25
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Signs H.R. 1327 https://t.co/r1YBKEX3hY
## 20:28:11
....He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
## 11:26:08
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
## 15:55:39
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump signed into law the permanent authorization of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, which provides financial…
## 03:08:53
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
## 17:29:30
Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P.M. with wonderful Inner City Pastors!
## 19:10:31
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country, @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans, I thank them! @TomFitton https://t.co/aXv47spgjS
