## 03:44:03
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
## 12:42:23
RT @RealCandaceO: You cannot be a victim and a victor at the same time. 

You can either choose to win or accept your status as a loser.…
## 19:24:13
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
## 12:45:51
RT @TheOfficerTatum: What I have seen from the last two nights isn't America.

These candidates are disgraceful. All I saw was pandering.…
## 11:23:30
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
## 11:20:58
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!
## 12:41:57
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp; loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
## 18:03:41
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
## 21:57:04
Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
## 13:05:17
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp; most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
