## 13:58:15
.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, &amp; before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
## 10:36:22
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
## 14:40:26
Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
## 16:32:42
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
## 18:29:22
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
## 21:59:27
“@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home” https://t.co/SrkbGqsqvv
## 14:02:46
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
## 13:58:16
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 21:38:48
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, President Trump announced a safe third country agreement with Guatemala that will put human smugglers out of busines…
## 22:18:26
https://t.co/nr9bDv3Ktq
## 11:00:49
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!
## 22:37:00
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
## 15:25:07
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
## 18:17:05
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark @EsperDoD! https://t.co/zqtA4XytJA
