## 22:43:37
https://t.co/hWiNicShLY
## 22:05:56
Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!
## 14:51:51
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, &amp; that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp; total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
## 22:08:29
....Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
## 21:52:43
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Prime Minster Abe for inviting me to address heads of State on the economic + national security imperative of ec…
## 11:50:57
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
## 11:21:38
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
## 22:36:48
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
## 16:29:07
https://t.co/4FMs202NrW
## 14:25:06
Big 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon &amp; our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp; showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp; biggest ever Fireworks!
## 11:38:22
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
