## 16:10:44
....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
## 14:47:52
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, &amp; will now be staying. New York &amp; others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!
## 22:18:55
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!
## 00:47:37
https://t.co/ctb5YJL1Vb
## 16:10:45
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
## 15:47:35
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
## 15:02:58
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
## 03:50:10
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!
## 16:37:21
That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
## 15:42:09
https://t.co/k24a6VMTFu
## 03:17:58
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
## 14:57:13
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
## 22:17:52
....In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
## 22:16:51
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
## 15:47:36
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
## 22:15:29
I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp; its future. We are setting records in so many ways, &amp; we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp; I am so thankful!
