## 16:43:32
Thank you Amy! https://t.co/NiwkdBGVA9
## 02:46:03
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it’s not just Baltimore, unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist  Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
## 12:15:40
Senate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
## 16:52:03
Thank you Eric! https://t.co/Cq2w0we6kp
## 16:11:16
RT @IvankaTrump: We are very encouraged that @SenBillCassidy and @SenatorSinema have released the first bipartisan framework for #PaidFamil…
## 12:11:03
....@foxandfriends
## 11:10:00
..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
## 19:58:18
https://t.co/sPd4GF6wxu
## 23:26:26
....vindication &amp; exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
## 01:45:34
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
## 10:38:37
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends
## 16:16:35
RT @CraigCaplan: Senate failed in three separate attempts to override President Trump's vetoes of resolutions blocking US arms sales to Sau…
## 10:43:52
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp; refusing to change the Loopholes &amp; Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
## 16:55:03
RT @ThatTrumpGuy: Being suspended from Twitter has me missing incredible videos like this one! HAVE YOU SEEN THIS!?!?!? Thank you @realDona…
## 12:40:03
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo
## 01:34:29
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!
## 16:23:19
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp; DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
## 16:47:15
RT @TomiLahren: Police aren't respected because attacking, demonizing and harassing police has been normalized by the media, Democrats, and…
## 11:09:59
China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....
## 16:26:27
RT @senatemajldr: I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t…
## 16:41:06
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
## 12:11:02
Wow! Morning Joe &amp; Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
## 13:52:32
....Don’t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!
## 16:28:23
RT @USATODAY: Mitch McConnell argues Dem's 'Moscow Mitch' moniker is 'modern-day McCarthyism' https://t.co/1lAyMij6IW https://t.co/1YWXdl3b…
## 11:10:02
...to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if &amp; when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!
## 13:55:04
Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but that’s ok because today is not about them!
