## 14:38:33
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Barr is absolutely right about the Mueller testimony being a public spectacle... that’s all it ever was. 

Democrats' M…
## 12:44:28
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
## 14:38:48
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This was amazing news from over the weekend — 224,000 jobs created in June, blowing away expectations of 160,000 jobs!…
## 12:42:00
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN
## 19:44:06
After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar, @TamimBinHamad, it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! https://t.co/SB9DGA7dgo
## 14:31:36
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
## 12:38:04
“With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he’s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
## 11:48:05
....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!
## 11:05:20
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!
## 12:02:22
“I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
## 12:18:35
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
