## 19:31:49
.....came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp; aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
## 20:33:24
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
## 14:47:57
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
## 01:58:41
More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D.C. #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 https://t.co/AiZKkvBsh7
## 12:16:30
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
## 14:21:52
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
## 04:06:20
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
## 02:33:08
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
## 19:31:50
.....Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
## 02:07:58
Thanks @RobertJeffress! https://t.co/wFZyCyh3W6
## 14:12:12
S&amp;P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!
## 15:06:40
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.
## 20:22:30
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
## 20:23:53
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
## 12:27:57
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
## 14:30:33
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door (Andrews), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
