## 20:24:33
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp; disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
## 21:55:39
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
## 00:21:25
https://t.co/9jgdUE5BF8
## 20:15:07
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp; irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp; incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
## 19:55:15
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp; others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
## 21:10:17
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!
## 11:24:27
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
## 22:15:36
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
## 11:14:28
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient &amp; well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp; filthy place
## 20:51:55
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.
## 21:35:47
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “Oversight.” He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.... #BlacksForTrump2020 https://t.co/seNVESZUht
