## 10:54:08
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
## 20:33:30
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
## 11:58:30
The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!
## 11:59:29
Presidential Harassment!
## 20:33:29
Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
## 12:00:21
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 11:00:17
RT @GOP: “Women’s issues are American issues.” -@LaraLeaTrump https://t.co/ha9DhzTakM
## 10:40:30
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you’re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!  @foxandfriends
## 12:07:32
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak &amp; insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
## 11:14:20
Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
