## 21:44:48
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
## 12:02:20
....as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, &amp; GDP &amp; our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp; money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
## 12:53:39
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!...
## 02:16:15
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous &amp; bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis,” as the Fake News Media &amp; their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
## 12:38:52
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
## 12:31:46
....except for those stated by me, &amp; “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp; belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp; our Country!
## 12:02:19
With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
## 02:47:05
https://t.co/2lPjfxOKq3
## 13:08:17
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
## 12:37:24
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, &amp; no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
## 14:48:26
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
## 02:55:00
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC https://t.co/SgRnbsh5pT
## 12:05:12
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive,  to move now. The Fed raised &amp; tightened far too much &amp; too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
## 12:53:40
....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
## 14:32:50
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
## 23:20:03
https://t.co/GLiV8RGsNj
## 02:55:01
https://t.co/1DVvqFQxRK
## 23:16:53
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
