## 21:44:04
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! https://t.co/oXRgDvjacc
## 11:46:09
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
## 02:03:14
“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
## 12:00:49
If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason’s great new book, POWER GRAB!
## 13:59:42
.....Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
## 12:17:50
Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!
## 18:34:27
RT @VP: 50 years ago, Apollo 11 launched holding astronauts that would soon make history and walk on the moon. Today, under the leadership…
## 11:20:42
.....shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
## 22:05:30
Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse.... https://t.co/mBha7Qprr9
## 15:11:46
Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader, “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!
