## 23:50:18
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, &amp; got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
## 19:48:05
....brought up, not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
## 23:50:19
...a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, &amp; what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!
## 19:03:06
RT @WhiteHouse: The 3 major U.S. stock indexes all closed with record highs Wednesday! 
https://t.co/UMvQTNn2r7
## 13:13:05
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!
## 22:14:04
RT @hogangidley45: The Democrats hate @realDonaldTrump so much, they lied about “collusion,” lied about a “cover-up,” lied about the “crisi…
## 19:11:09
Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
## 21:09:56
We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, &amp; needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!
## 13:03:42
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
## 19:02:14
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/K76BQeMLdk
## 19:48:04
The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing @nytimes, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
## 19:02:32
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: Read more about the jobs numbers out today: 
https://t.co/RYxmJYJawi
