## 02:43:06
Thank you @GOPLeader! https://t.co/v7sQt7DDWK
## 20:45:50
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
## 03:28:38
....Robert Mueller’s testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!
## 20:45:49
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will....
## 04:02:25
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....@JesseBWatters
## 01:54:03
RT @kimKBaltimore: More trash. More concerned residents. People live in the home with the silver van. This is @RepCummings district. This h…
## 04:17:44
https://t.co/9jgdUE5BF8
## 18:35:09
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
## 03:49:34
The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). @replouiegohmert
## 18:18:43
RT @KTHopkins: Trump: Baltimore is a violent place. 

(Highest homicide rate in USA /  @BaltimorePolice civilian employee assaulted in stre…
## 19:18:20
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
## 02:13:18
Thanks @JudgeJeanine! https://t.co/chj7JPbWo1
## 03:14:42
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! https://t.co/G3f6QBNSMa
## 01:50:31
.@RepCummings, why don’t you focus on your district!? https://t.co/F3Ej0Z21PZ
## 10:56:02
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine
## 11:28:43
....a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
## 03:35:47
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
## 02:02:08
.@RepCummings — your district! https://t.co/JV4SF8ykCT
## 19:34:35
Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, “Thank you, Mr. President!”
## 11:39:56
Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
## 03:14:13
https://t.co/9fnYIzjKQX
## 12:12:35
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp; conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
