## 22:43:16
Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS! https://t.co/toDqIAIQ54
## 22:42:07
RT @bennyjohnson: We are in a political firestorm over the condition of Baltimore.
So what is life really like there?
I spoke with resident…
## 19:58:22
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect....
## 15:31:04
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
## 23:06:29
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
## 19:58:50
....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp; Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
## 20:41:18
....As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
## 20:41:17
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world....
## 14:08:05
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
## 14:36:30
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
## 15:10:02
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO https://t.co/VIxmZWgYM2
## 21:59:40
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C. https://t.co/E08ngbcw3d
## 19:59:05
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
## 15:31:03
CNN’s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist, when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased &amp; fair,.....
## 21:37:23
“The 99% Get a Bigger Raise” https://t.co/negNLaSwMt
## 14:20:54
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, &amp; you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, &amp; the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
