## 00:31:09
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit https://t.co/iWePOOhLgp
## 03:26:36
RT @PAChamber: Trade with Canada and Mexico supports more than 12 million American jobs in every state in the Union. In fact, 49 U.S. state…
## 00:15:22
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity....
## 11:33:01
RT @carrieksada: These protests are not spontaneous, they're pre manufactured by OFA. Watch Sperry w/ @LouDobbs #Charlottesville 
https://t…
## 11:54:55
RT @GOPLeader: President @realDonaldTrump's #SocialMediaSummit was a very important event. Conservatives will NOT be silenced, and American…
## 12:59:02
RT @IvankaTrump: #ICYMI: We announced 14 NEW innovative activities in 22 countries impacting 100,000+ women along w/ the private sector.…
## 03:10:41
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp; booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp; failed (happening anyway!)......
## 13:01:52
Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
## 11:42:07
RT @TexanGalCindy: #FakeNewsCNN mired in a credibility crisis as ratings continue to collapse
#BoycottCNN
#BoycottCNN
#FakeNewsCNN
#WakeUpA…
## 20:29:21
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp; women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...https://t.co/6jR72cNNPH
## 00:15:23
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
## 22:47:28
The DOW, S&amp;P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high! https://t.co/wPJiM8n7m2
## 03:26:11
RT @LtGovHusted: “We have a technology infused economy. We need a trade deal that represents that,” - Lt. Governor @JonHusted encouraging q…
## 11:54:49
RT @HawleyMO: Just came from the White House Social Media Summit where I had chance to stand alongside @realDonaldTrump and talk about why…
## 11:34:53
RT @WhiteHouse: "I'm hereby ordering every department and agency in the Federal Government, to provide the Department of Commerce with all…
## 11:28:37
RT @SteveScalise: There are no moderates left in the Democrat party. It's liberals vs. socialists now...and the socialists are winning. How…
## 11:53:49
RT @JamesOKeefeIII: .@realDonaldTrump: He's not controversial, he's truthful. He's truthful. https://t.co/5dRXcLpImh
## 12:58:46
RT @Jim_Jordan: "Jordan calls on Democrats to address the crisis, rather than playing politics with the border"

https://t.co/jSnbq6gtak
## 02:25:29
RT @USCG: Thank you to @POTUS and all who came out yesterday to our Nation's Capital #IndependenceDay celebration. Happy 243rd Birthday Ame…
## 22:15:29
RT @Duffy4Wisconsin: In 2016 Wisconsin came up big for @realDonaldTrump. With him visiting us again today, let's show him how much support…
## 14:55:45
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation....
## 03:35:04
RT @parscale: #PromisesKept https://t.co/D1Sxb8MlV0
## 12:54:39
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
## 03:40:53
Interesting! https://t.co/Ttwa6mymGr
## 11:53:35
RT @LilaGraceRose: Big Tech CEOs have testified before Congress that their social platforms don’t discriminate based on “political viewpoin…
## 11:53:17
RT @IWV: 🤳 iPhones fully charged (✅) at the @WhiteHouse #SocialMediaSummit🇺🇸 https://t.co/SlJOM1j0aT
## 12:35:51
@SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest!
## 20:35:42
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders &amp; our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
## 11:53:55
RT @mitchellvii: Amazing meeting guys. Up close and personal with the President. Such a down to earth nice guy. Internet as been dicey in h…
## 11:53:28
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! https://t.co/FPNhslghzd
## 03:10:42
....He had the Majority &amp; blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
## 03:25:58
RT @JayTimmonsNAM: USMCA passage is critical to manufacturers in America. @ShopfloorNAM will continue to work with Congress and the @WhiteH…
## 16:21:18
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp; Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp; Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, &amp; do, great UNITY in PA!
## 03:14:27
Thank you! https://t.co/0EFV8qa9a3
## 21:10:23
RT @VP: Toured the Donna Processing Center with @SecondLady and saw firsthand how even in the face of our overwhelmed facilities, @CBP is p…
## 16:46:20
RT @NHC_Atlantic: As hazardous conditions arrive along the Gulf Coast today with #Barry, get information on local weather and impacts from…
## 00:37:17
#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN
## 11:31:01
RT @realDonaldTrump: #SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN
## 11:29:59
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Democrats on the House Oversight Committee tweeted a photo of children in cages in an attempt politicize the border crisi…
## 03:27:24
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Don’t worry the media will cover for them as always. https://t.co/6lNCYpgBu2
## 12:00:39
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
## 02:29:41
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! https://t.co/M1KKBFic4A
## 11:54:18
RT @RobertBluey: Grateful to attend today’s #SocialMediaSummit with 250 other digital leaders, members of Congress &amp; Cabinet secretaries wh…
## 12:48:02
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......
## 02:26:59
RT @USCG: Earlier today, the @VP welcomed back CGC Munro from patrol as they offloaded $569 million of cocaine in San Diego. 

If you misse…
## 11:54:36
RT @UnplannedMovie: What's it like being a film whose social media platforms were totally shut down because owners didn't like the implicat…
## 11:27:54
RT @RepDougCollins: After Dems denied the #BorderCrisis for months, Nadler today claims there's "child abuse" &amp; "negligent homicide &amp; syste…
## 22:14:07
RT @VP: Earlier this year President @realDonaldTrump declared the border crisis a national emergency and today Mexico is doing more to secu…
## 11:54:30
RT @prageru: .@DanCrenshawTX highlighting Big Tech censorship of conservatives at the White House Social Media Summit. https://t.co/sC2mdpV…
## 14:55:46
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.
## 12:48:03
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency &amp; subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
