## 11:10:29
RT @GOPChairwoman: The mainstream media won't cover it nearly enough, but thanks to the #FirstStepAct that @realDonaldTrump signed into law…
## 10:57:24
As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA! https://t.co/6IVKEffNnq
## 11:05:27
RT @RepLaHood: #USMCA will put America in a stronger position globally. 

Delaying #USMCA further only prevents farmers, manufacturers, and…
## 11:12:11
RT @pulte: Pulte awards President Trump’s retweet Recipient, a Female Combat Veteran and Single Mom, with $30,000 ($20k Brand New Car!) and…
## 23:03:20
RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump: "Look at all those signs, '#WomenForTrump'!" 
#TrumpRally https://t.co/WqPbqK88y5
## 11:18:00
You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before! https://t.co/o59vI5tzXn
## 10:17:31
RT @SteveScalise: The Do-Nothing Democrats' agenda this week:

→ Let Pelosi violate House rules to harass @realDonaldTrump
→ Harass Trump s…
## 11:06:38
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats are dead set on erasing all the economic gains that America has made under President @realDonaldTrump. https://t.c…
## 22:49:24
RT @RepRatcliffe: Great news for Texas in June's unemployment rates report. https://t.co/WZ7JuOiaIu
## 23:04:16
RT @danielledsouzag: Up bright and early on @FoxFriendsFirst discussing Trump’s rally in North Carolina, his latest approval rating at 50%,…
## 22:50:51
RT @mattgaetz: I stand with @realDonaldTrump!
## 22:56:23
Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
## 23:01:38
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Meet 'The REAL Squad'.

We are #WomenForTrump.

Women stand with President @realDonaldTrump and nothing will stop @Team…
## 23:02:41
RT @danielledsouzag: The unemployment rate for women is the lowest it’s been in 50 years under the Trump Administration. Discussing Women f…
## 11:05:11
RT @GOPLeader: American optimism is at its highest level in more than a decade! https://t.co/1VWu6rtAtP
## 10:15:12
RT @Jim_Jordan: James Comey said the Dossier was "salacious and unverified."

Turns out that was an understatement. It was salacious and co…
## 10:27:49
RT @KTHopkins: The @realDonaldTrump has made #2020 a bold and binary decision. 
Are you going to choose socialists, choose ISIS, choose the…
## 23:00:51
RT @danielledsouzag: Our squad is better🇺🇸 @deneenborelli @JessieJaneDuff @mercedesschlapp @kayleighmcenany @CissieGLynch @kimguilfoyle @La…
## 10:18:37
RT @GOP: “I always said I don't think it matters who the nominee on the Democrat side is, because this President is so strong, the economy…
## 22:46:54
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Tuesday: Democrats spent all day trying to defend Speaker Pelosi after she violated House floor rules

Wednesday: Democ…
## 14:03:27
https://t.co/aG45A3Ugnp
## 11:11:47
Thank you Bill. Very nice! https://t.co/hTnGiOh6T1
## 10:31:34
RT @KTHopkins: How I wish we had such leadership in the U.K. 

“Don’t like this country? Don’t like what it gives you? Then leave”

Trump d…
## 10:41:20
With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets! https://t.co/pJqL1NjyvA
## 22:48:32
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: The Consumer Price Index (CPI) for prescription drugs decreased 2.0 percent in June from 12 months prior according to th…
## 10:15:51
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats are outraged about "cages" at border detention facilities. But guess who built EVERY SINGLE ONE: President Obama.…
## 13:52:30
....Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
## 23:01:04
RT @danielledsouzag: Incredibly honored to be part of the Women for Trump Coalition, which launched this morning in Pennsylvania. My goal i…
## 23:01:21
RT @GOPChairwoman: We're already mobilizing our army of volunteers to recruit, train &amp; register new voters – all to help @realDonaldTrump &amp;…
## 11:02:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minist…
