## 12:16:21
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp; accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
## 12:43:05
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!
## 12:16:22
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp; economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
## 20:01:47
Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
## 02:54:27
https://t.co/D7H1Wr1LHy
## 12:34:52
....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp; the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
## 14:30:33
RT @realDonaldTrump: When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the…
## 14:31:46
RT @realDonaldTrump: Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats! https://t…
## 14:31:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel…
## 11:35:55
Great new book, “Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
## 13:42:16
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
## 00:22:45
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
## 14:31:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democ…
## 18:54:08
RT @mike_pence: When our President stands up to radical Democrats who accuse Border Patrol of running concentration camps, use anti-Semitic…
## 14:47:01
Thank you! #MAGA2020 https://t.co/6G2TinCpWT
## 12:34:51
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
## 14:30:36
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp; racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very u…
## 13:38:21
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much,” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
