## 03:39:54
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am-2pm at https://t.co/CXK0LFpGMD. #TakeBackDay https://t.co/DvgrxZoLzp
## 13:54:33
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at https://t.co/CXK0LFpGMD. #TakeBackDay https://t.co/xBEyflYYGj
## 03:19:43
RT @realDonaldTrump: To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
## 20:20:04
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
## 11:09:29
RT @RepMarkMeadows: NYT report: DOJ opening a criminal investigation into the spreading of the Russian collusion conspiracy

If true, this…
## 03:17:39
RT @Jim_Jordan: First we learn that Durham's probe is now a criminal investigation.

Now we hear that the FBI may have altered the 302s fro…
## 20:26:34
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, @MattBevin!
## 12:18:29
....
## 11:02:32
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
## 03:20:08
RT @PressSec: POTUS is a champion for America's once-forgotten communities, and his historic criminal justice reforms are building opportun…
## 11:29:04
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
## 03:21:10
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/zDEOQfpvk1 https://t.co/Bxpt7nQTjG
## 11:02:31
“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
## 11:44:09
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
## 11:23:09
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
## 11:12:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, w…
## 03:19:33
RT @GOPLeader: What is Adam Schiff hiding, and why is he afraid to show the American public? https://t.co/1twGgi6kc8
## 20:17:18
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
## 12:18:28
....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
## 03:17:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the…
## 02:23:14
https://t.co/zDEOQfpvk1 https://t.co/Bxpt7nQTjG
## 14:41:18
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
## 03:28:34
https://t.co/o6mk8orgrC https://t.co/iUD808JXyt
## 14:43:01
Where’s the Whistleblower?
## 03:18:41
RT @realDonaldTrump: I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican c…
## 11:21:15
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
## 11:12:22
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistlebl…
