## 12:39:03
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! https://t.co/sNUppjB4Xm
## 00:12:38
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!
## 12:59:25
RT @realDonaldTrump: Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see! https://t.co/H1r2Be2YS6
## 15:08:35
RT @rww_gop: Voters are rejecting the Dems’ baseless obstruction &amp; socialist agenda, and they’re making their voices heard loud &amp; clear. Su…
## 00:00:40
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!
## 15:09:09
RT @GOPChairwoman: House Democrats are engaged in “Soviet style” tactics in their effort to attack @realDonaldTrump.

So true, @SteveScalis…
## 04:29:31
“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp; leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
## 04:39:26
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp; bring them home from the ridiculous &amp; costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
## 01:11:05
Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see! https://t.co/H1r2Be2YS6
## 17:02:43
This number, based on the Economy &amp; how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News &amp; Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! https://t.co/GFLxcNJOkk
## 18:03:25
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
## 04:12:20
RT @SteveScalise: People all across the country should be alarmed.

Pelosi and Schiff are trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump behind closed…
## 04:41:30
RT @senatemajldr: Washington Democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. Prominent House…
## 23:20:47
RT @SarahAMatthews1: Dallas, Texas crowd is getting ready for @realDonaldTrump with a little YMCA ‼️ https://t.co/9muhNZqGvZ
## 04:14:08
RT @RepThomasMassie: Congress never voted to send troops to Syria, but in five minutes we will be voting on a resolution that disapproves o…
## 12:58:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: “About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp; leading for a “political settlemen…
## 00:58:22
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp; Victoria T!
## 02:26:47
https://t.co/ZtCSrCqJcN
## 12:39:00
RT @realDonaldTrump: FAKE NEWS! https://t.co/ta8ii8yetP
## 17:29:37
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!
## 18:13:15
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
## 12:38:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our…
## 12:54:55
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
## 12:58:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp; bring them home from the ridiculous &amp; costly Endless…
## 04:41:22
RT @senatemajldr: Speaker Pelosi is still blocking the USMCA, a major trade deal that would create 176,000 new American jobs. Senate Democr…
## 00:44:39
THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020 https://t.co/fbtzlbroQi
## 01:14:36
Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
## 04:41:26
RT @senatemajldr: Already, House Democrats’ impeachment “inquiry” is violating norms and precedent. They are denying Republicans and Presid…
## 13:14:49
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! https://t.co/sPnloffJMT
## 23:22:43
See you soon Dallas, Texas! https://t.co/Sg6xtp1vqQ
## 11:54:12
This is the real story. Thank you Jim! https://t.co/VqJrsUJdiX
## 15:07:46
As the Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/klvvwSXq7M
