## 14:00:39
RT @GOP: HUGE Q3 fundraising numbers thanks to @GOPChairwoman, @parscale, and of course the STRONG enthusiasm behind @realDonaldTrump!
http…
## 14:06:53
RT @MariaBartiromo: Democrats want to stop Barr from investigating what happened in 2016. SPOT ON.  As we have been saying on ⁦@MorningsMar…
## 19:51:56
“Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” 

SCHIFF IS A FRAUD! 
https://t.co/BNXiq5dsXg https://t.co/PHdh8PBTGb
## 14:27:14
#DONOTHINGDEMS
## 21:06:36
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! https://t.co/QQYTqG4KTt
## 15:39:07
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!
## 15:48:47
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!
## 12:51:49
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
## 14:07:17
RT @DailySignal: As the Index of Economic Freedom shows, countries that implement free-market policies enable women to make their own econo…
## 14:26:10
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
## 13:06:48
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
## 14:47:05
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
## 00:20:04
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! https://t.co/7moLU6UTcE
## 15:31:03
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp; working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
## 15:02:11
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
## 23:41:51
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020 https://t.co/hz6fWLId3L
## 23:27:52
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
## 15:19:09
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
## 14:16:47
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!
## 15:31:53
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! https://t.co/cQ3B1bGD4L
## 12:39:43
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.
