## 01:52:32
Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
## 20:39:51
RT @KatrinaPierson: Watch @potus @realDonaldTrump give remarks at HBCU - Benedict College accepting an award for his leadership on Criminal…
## 12:12:23
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
## 20:41:33
RT @GOPChairwoman: Members of the @GOP Executive Committee just unanimously passed a resolution of support for @realDonaldTrump &amp; the Graha…
## 23:39:42
Wow! https://t.co/lF3WUjiqHs
## 17:30:21
Heading to South Carolina! https://t.co/CORtaPJq9p
## 20:40:00
RT @TeamTrump: Tanisha Bannister: I want to thank @realDonaldTrump for giving me another lease on life https://t.co/dRZNhCSh7O
## 23:40:48
Great Book! https://t.co/HYO77j6KRT
## 23:41:27
RT @robertjeffress: A new poll shows evangelical support for President @realDonaldTrump GROWING in spite of Democrat impeachment farce! I’l…
## 20:41:49
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: "The best is yet to come" for the African American community https://t.co/2HxhFtJxr0
## 23:38:28
RT @marklevinshow: My appearance on Hannity last night
https://t.co/whO7qmrkB7
## 20:42:10
RT @WhiteHouse: Last year, President @realDonaldTrump signed the First Step Act into law—the most significant criminal justice reform in ma…
## 23:33:42
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
## 20:42:20
RT @WhiteHouse: Since President @realDonaldTrump signed the First Step Act into law, 10 states have passed legislation to advance criminal…
## 20:40:19
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: African American youth unemployment recently reached the lowest level EVER https://t.co/fPICfbVx…
## 19:51:43
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you! https://t.co/uF9IWnI1pH
## 20:43:20
RT @ericbolling: NEW Interview w/ @realDonaldTrump 
-DOJ Criminal Investigation
Clapper/Brennan

-Comey leaking memo

-Schiff corroborated…
## 20:40:31
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: "Under this administration, the great betrayal of the American worker is over." https://t.co/Kfp…
## 20:39:37
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: "My goal has been to give a voice to the voiceless." 

#ForgottenMenandWomen https://t.co/LtrHaz…
## 20:41:00
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just accepted the 2019 Bipartisan Justice Award for his leadership in the passage of the histori…
## 23:30:35
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
## 02:10:02
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This impeachment inquiry has produced NOTHING to impeach POTUS for (I've been inside every depo thus far). While Dems run…
## 20:38:27
RT @GOPChairwoman: House Democrats continue to take unprecedented steps in their closed-door impeachment charade.
 
@LindseyGrahamSC is rig…
## 17:57:25
Thank you @robertjeffress! https://t.co/o6mk8orgrC
## 12:32:06
....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!
## 22:39:16
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
## 02:07:37
RT @RepMattGaetz: Democrats are trying to use the natural advantage they have with the mainstream media to have secret interviews and selec…
## 02:07:49
RT @RepArrington: Let's call this sham what it really is: an #ImpeachmentInquisition against @realdonaldtrump.

This purely political proce…
## 21:10:26
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!
## 20:39:21
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: "The First Step Act proved that we can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we come together as a…
## 20:40:45
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: "We are acting, not talking." https://t.co/kirjAveUiw
## 12:15:58
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls &amp; unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers, just talk!
## 17:35:13
RT @GaryCoby: Today @realDonaldTrump is receiving the Bipartisan Justice Award for his historic work on criminal justice reform.

At the sa…
## 16:22:09
RT @gatewaypundit: Breaking Poll: 52% Say Impeachment Is Political Stunt by Democrats - 59% Say It's a Waste of Time @DanScavino @RealDonal…
## 12:54:24
“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at &amp; to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou
## 02:08:24
RT @RepGosar: The only reason Adam Schiff is conducting these unclassified interviews in a SCIF is to allow Democrats to control the narrat…
## 21:10:25
I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....
## 02:07:23
RT @RepLaMalfa: Democrats: Searching for any possible reason to impeach @realDonaldTrump &amp; undo the results of the 2016 election - &amp; doing…
## 02:08:26
RT @RepDougCollins: Democrats have no concern for the rules. 

Pelosi violates House rules and her majority gives her a free pass.

Schiff…
