## 01:43:15
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
## 03:19:34
https://t.co/ap9wN7wkj6
## 01:59:12
RT @senatemajldr: The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats…
## 01:57:35
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
## 04:28:47
So amazing! https://t.co/UG3DaSkmUc
## 02:39:23
Wow, Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner, @ByronYork  In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
## 02:02:19
RT @senatemajldr: The time for excuses is over. The USMCA needs to move this fall. Workers and small businesses in Kentucky and across the…
## 02:00:39
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA! https://t.co/6FW11oLBv3
## 02:15:19
“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say.” @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!
## 03:16:04
https://t.co/jZLa4vWXAZ
## 01:48:16
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder that while House Democrats have spent basically their entire first year as a majority this Congress throwing a…
