## 04:26:23
RT @SteveScalise: If people scatter out of a room when you walk in &amp; turn on the light, it begs the question: What are they hiding in there…
## 22:01:07
RT @jmclghln: 52% majority says impeachment is political to stop @realDonaldTrump reelection only 36% legal 47%-33% say @POTUS shudn’t coop…
## 04:29:33
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt! https://t.co/TTCXcg0jdU
## 15:48:47
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
## 21:24:34
RT @GOPLeader: Nancy Pelosi and her Do-Nothing Democrats have approved more subpoenas to investigate President Trump than they have written…
## 03:59:32
RT @bopinion: Of Wisconsin’s 72 counties, 23 switched from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016 https://t.co/4E0xFLZwlF https://t.co/f…
## 14:28:54
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!
## 04:26:47
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Chairman Schiff interestingly reversed course on having the 'whistleblower' testify *after* it was revealed that his of…
## 04:40:13
Don’t hurt them please! https://t.co/cKVa2HlJQb
## 14:20:02
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
## 15:25:23
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
## 04:20:27
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated, “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado &amp; Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
## 04:32:45
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing! https://t.co/oqeetDNKzD
