## 12:40:13
RT @CableNewsWatch: 🎉🍾 Congratulations @GregGutfeldShow 
#1 show in cable news Saturday 18-49 &amp; 25-54 demos
Also 1.8M tuned in to the "King…
## 20:18:56
RT @GOPLeader: The worst part about their sham impeachment is all the things that are NOT getting done:
✖️ Government is NOT funded 
✖️ Our…
## 12:52:08
RT @brithume: The reality is that political ads are usually arguably true and arguably false. So who gets to decide what’s true and what’s…
## 13:29:19
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
## 20:18:32
RT @RepMeuser: Today’s vote on the impeachment resolution is a continuation of the farce that Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Schiff are trying…
## 14:37:45
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
## 12:34:07
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @AriFleischer responds to Joe Biden and Beto O'Rourke's criticism of President Trump taking credit for…
## 14:37:39
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp; Rates are hurting...
## 12:20:12
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don’t you think? This farce should....
## 12:20:13
.....to any President, of either party, again. Laura @IngrahamAngle
## 22:43:52
RT @IvankaTrump: “…surrounded by enemies and spies catching and perverting every word that falls from my lips or flows from my pen, and inv…
## 04:17:08
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! https://t.co/3zApgOOA7I
## 20:18:50
RT @RepArrington: Today, @HouseDemocrats will continue an impeachment inquisition that is nothing more than an illegitimate witch-hunt. The…
## 20:19:17
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Just voted NO on the impeachment inquiry resolution.

Doesn’t ensure minority subpoena power or release of transcripts. D…
## 20:18:59
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Washington Democrats made every effort to take down this President with a fake Russian collusion scandal

It failed

Th…
## 04:49:56
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals
## 12:32:40
RT @TVNewsHQ: Watch: “Joe Biden is the wrongest person on earth to be talking about al-Baghdadi’s raid. He’s the man who opposed the raid a…
## 20:19:14
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats don't care about the facts or passing legislation. They only care about impeaching the President less than 13 m…
## 20:18:25
RT @RepDougCollins: Fact: Pelosi’s inquiry is officially the first presidential impeachment inquiry in modern history authorized by members…
## 20:19:13
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats keep trying to tell you they're *reluctantly* pursuing impeachment.

Reminder: since @realDonaldTrump took of…
## 12:29:24
Thank you Matt. https://t.co/vDZqYIrgBy
## 12:50:35
Congratulations to @FoxNews, you left @CNN &amp; @MSNBC in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). https://t.co/C87eV3Zp7B
## 20:18:22
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 BREAKING: Dems are voting to continue their Soviet-style impeachment scheme.

They're not interested in due process.

T…
## 04:36:04
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week! https://t.co/Z1UfhxsSpT
## 13:24:32
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
## 17:42:10
RT @FLOTUS: Trick-or-Treat  @WhiteHouse #Halloween2019 https://t.co/fkxu03qImu
## 12:34:31
RT @AriFleischer: Joe Biden Repeatedly Asked Agencies To Do What Son's Clients Wanted https://t.co/J96lmY8xcv
## 22:44:26
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below! https://t.co/dxjHusgiFX
## 15:31:46
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
## 14:57:30
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
## 20:18:40
RT @MikeKellyPA: After weeks of Adam Schiff's secret hearings &amp; selective leaks, the Do-Nothing-Dems are trying to legitimize the unfair in…
## 12:33:51
RT @AriFleischer: There was a time when MSM would have gone into a feeding frenzy against a Congressman who stopped the other party from as…
## 01:26:48
https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
## 20:18:35
RT @RepPeteKing: Voted AGAINST Impeachment Resolution. Voted FOR Constitution and America. The fight goes on. God Bless America!
## 20:18:37
RT @GOPLeader: BREAKING ⇒ 100% of Republicans just voted AGAINST this sham impeachment. Two Democrats joined us.

Speaker Pelosi and Chairm…
