## 03:08:42
RT @RepGosar: Nancy Pelosi's impeachment resolution further restricts the participation of duly elected Members of Congress from their part…
## 03:08:26
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This impeachment resolution just introduced is fatally flawed. Just another awful misstep by House Dems running a circus,…
## 03:09:05
RT @RepMattGaetz: MUST-READ: "Gaetz: 'Donald Trump Is Innocent, and the Deep State Is Guilty'"

https://t.co/FXSdXJjLS2
## 03:08:59
RT @RepDougCollins: Adam Schiff wants to impeach @RealDonaldTrump for not going along with the “impeachment” inquiry that even Democrats ha…
## 03:08:54
RT @RepGregPence: After seven weeks of running a communist-style, ultra-partisan effort to undo the 2016 election results under the disguis…
## 03:08:28
RT @RepDougCollins: This resolution is a bogus attempt to legitimize an “impeachment” effort that doesn’t offer real fairness, due process,…
## 03:09:07
RT @GOPoversight: Days since @RepAdamSchiff learned the identity of the whistleblower: 78 https://t.co/YKSa5rpGPs
## 03:08:32
RT @CongressmanHice: Once again, @SpeakerPelosi proves that Democrats have no intention of giving @realdonaldtrump a fair shake in this "im…
## 03:08:30
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems’ impeachment resolution:

-Cuts Oversight and Foreign Affairs out of public hearings
-Pretends to give @DevinNunes sub…
## 04:03:23
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats go 4+ weeks with a secretive, free for all, no rules impeachment process—and now try to save face with a shor…
## 03:08:50
RT @RepJeffDuncan: Now Pelosi &amp; Schiff want to pretend they are being transparent—after they corrupted &amp; tainted the process for weeks in s…
## 03:08:22
RT @CoachUrbanMeyer: 🇺🇸 God bless the incredible Men and Women who serve our country. God bless America. Justice served! https://t.co/2LmEC…
