## 11:11:32
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends
## 00:41:50
RT @dogoodmore: Lawmaker leading charge to censure Adam Schiff says he's engineering 'total political hit job' on Trump https://t.co/TgFQ9y…
## 00:41:13
RT @RepRickCrawford: Adam Schiff has eliminated the access Republican HPSCI members have &amp; has locked down depositions in a manner that is…
## 22:18:29
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
## 14:06:17
RT @JessicaDitto45: “Empowering half the world’s population to flourish in the market economy is the best way to boost growth.” #WGDP https…
## 00:38:02
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff tries to take a nap. #Gutfeld https://t.co/akNEGY6PDd
## 11:54:36
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
## 00:40:20
RT @SaraCarterDC: After almost two months of making a huge deal about the #Whistleblower testimony that would actually #impeach @realDonald…
## 14:07:27
RT @WhiteHouse: Fall is here! Come enjoy the beautiful White House Garden tours this weekend! Thank you to the @NatlParkService for taking…
## 00:43:14
RT @RepAnnWagner: As a cosponsor of the resolution to censure Rep. Adam Schiff, I was disappointed Nancy Pelosi did not even allow a vote o…
## 00:31:47
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @Jim_Jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Republicans prepare to file a motion t…
## 00:38:23
RT @SteveScalise: Dems claim their scheme to impeach @realDonaldTrump is fair.

Here's the reality:

- All done in secret
- Led by proven-l…
## 11:57:09
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
## 00:46:43
RT @TreasurySpox: It’s been 1️⃣ year since President @realDonaldTrump announced the new US-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. USMCA will be a w…
## 14:04:29
RT @WhiteHouse: Results that speak for themselves: Wage gains under President @realDonaldTrump have eclipsed growth under the past two admi…
## 00:31:38
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: COMING UP: I'm joining @SandraSmithFox on @AmericaNewsroom to discuss tonight's vote on my motion to condemn and censur…
## 04:33:26
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
## 00:30:49
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote! https://t.co/MMJ5SanakG
## 00:36:37
RT @Rep_Watkins: The resolution to #CensureSchiff failed on the floor tonight.

I guess Democrats are okay with Adam Schiff:

▪️ Spreading…
## 00:31:07
RT @SteveScalise: Adam Schiff must be held accountable for his lies.

Tonight Republicans will move to censure &amp; condemn him for deliberate…
## 00:41:23
RT @LouDobbs: Condemn Shifty Schiff. @Jim_Jordan on House Republicans voting to censure Adam Schiff. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #Dobbs https://t.c…
## 14:06:55
Great Job Tim! https://t.co/WhgO67CfKP
## 14:02:20
RT @FrancoOrdonez: Immigration Hardliners Fight For Cuccinelli To Be Next DHS Secretary : NPR https://t.co/csVNSlfro9
## 00:42:47
RT @RepJohnJoyce: It is disappointing that House Democrats blocked a vote to condemn and censure Chairman Adam Schiff for lying to the Amer…
## 00:42:26
RT @RepLaMalfa: Tonight, I joined @SteveScalise, @RepAndyBiggsAZ, &amp; @HouseGOP in voting to censure Rep. Adam Schiff. 

Of course, Democrats…
## 11:37:04
....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends
## 00:32:18
RT @newtgingrich: Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff have both become embarrassingly dishonest. They, along with the rest of the House Democrats,…
## 00:35:45
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Adam Schiff may not have been held accountable tonight, but the American people are very much aware of his reckless dis…
## 00:39:07
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: On Monday, I, along with the vast majority of my @HouseGOP colleagues, will press forward with my motion to censure Ada…
## 14:04:54
RT @WhiteHouse: Pelosi &amp; co. refuse to bring their inquiry to a vote because they have no serious interest in searching out truth and justi…
## 00:38:44
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff goes for a physical. #Gutfeld https://t.co/qbeCVVxccs
## 11:21:13
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
## 00:31:24
RT @USRepLong: I am proud to stand with my colleagues to demand transparency during this "impeachment inquiry." Rep. Schiff has demonstrate…
## 11:52:28
So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
## 00:34:16
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support! https://t.co/WsuTmv6Tfh
## 11:37:03
...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...
## 14:08:14
RT @NASA: “You’re doing an incredible job,” says @POTUS to @Astro_Christina and @Astro_Jessica during today’s #AllWomanSpacewalk. Tune in t…
## 14:04:06
RT @JuddPDeere45: .@RepKevinBrady, @virginiafoxx, &amp; @repgregwalden: "We can lower drug prices for seniors, workers, and families to help th…
## 13:41:53
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” @MZHemingway @foxandfriends
## 00:40:47
RT @DJTrumpsButt: RT realDonaldTrump "RT AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: Jim_Jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Re…
## 13:28:19
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
