## 13:42:47
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
## 13:04:03
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! 
https://t.co/0mOTK4dNC3
## 13:27:00
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
## 13:12:37
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! https://t.co/Gtwn0nxOTt
## 13:27:01
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp; with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
## 13:13:25
RT @MariaBartiromo: Today @newtgingrich "You can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide &amp; that's what…
## 20:55:28
WOW, THANK YOU Minneapolis, Minnesota — on my way! #KAG2020 https://t.co/Czl6GbCCxN
## 13:34:09
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
## 20:07:30
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
## 13:39:02
The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it won’t, because the Dems &amp; Media are FIXED!
## 01:35:34
RT @ABCPolitics: President Trump criticizes Steve Kerr and Gregg Popovich — both vocal critics of Trump — when asked about China putting pr…
## 04:16:36
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
## 13:49:52
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
## 01:55:32
A different take! https://t.co/XKnQ6XTF0k
## 03:53:17
Impeached for what, having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, building our strongest ever Military, Cutting Taxes too much? https://t.co/LWxfEcRmj4
## 01:34:14
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson
## 13:13:06
RT @MariaBartiromo: "This is not an impeachment. This is a coup" - @newtgingrich @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness "the left hates trump that inc…
## 13:08:50
...Court Justice &amp; I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since), Shep Smith, @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp; got fired from @CNN), &amp; others, @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, I’m President!
## 14:40:15
https://t.co/sI5hZ81ASL
## 14:40:14
https://t.co/HZzDQY5QqV
## 13:08:49
From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme....
## 00:10:19
https://t.co/I6VsoDIQQp
## 13:13:49
RT @IvankaTrump: See you soon in Kansas City, Missouri @RoyBlunt! https://t.co/6FW7zumXdZ
