## 11:50:30
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Mark is 100% spot on here. Ukraine didn’t even know there was a hold on aid until just before it was released. Schiff may…
## 11:58:54
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats have undermined the fairness of this unauthorized impeachment inquisition of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump with the…
## 11:51:30
RT @RepDougCollins: “Democrats counter that Republicans are complaining about process because they can’t address the substance. But process…
## 11:37:11
RT @DanScavino: “Trump just called them out on it and he’s getting practically standing ovations for it, in Chicago. He’s standing up for t…
## 11:36:49
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: .@realDonaldTrump: “Nationwide injunctions undermine our entire immigration system. It is not job of judges to impose th…
## 11:46:09
RT @DevinNunes: Congratulations to ⁦@LeeSmithDC⁩ on his new book “The Plot Against The President” ⁦@foxandfriends⁩ https://t.co/7iRZeDmuDw
## 11:53:08
RT @RepDougCollins: Thank you, @SpeakerPelosi, for finally acknowledging the fact that you attempted to deceive the American people into th…
## 11:53:42
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We’ve just learned House Democrats are moving the public impeachment hearings to the Intelligence Committee — taking it…
## 11:55:10
RT @RepMattGaetz: Speaker Pelosi's announcement today acknowledges Adam Schiff’s free-wheeling impeachment inquiry is devoid of rules and l…
## 11:33:14
RT @johncardillo: .@realDonaldTrump's speech to IACP is one of the most pro America, pro Law Enforcement platforms I've ever heard from a P…
## 04:06:05
“This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.” @nypost
## 11:42:13
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE. https://t.co/VYmW8bYcgS
## 15:14:30
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
## 11:57:16
RT @Chief_Duggan: .@POTUS recognizing @theiacp Officer of the Year finalists for their heroism and  commitment to keeping our communities s…
## 11:59:06
RT @RepMarkMeadows: While Democrats continue to leak false narratives, here’s what the actual witness interviews would show you: 

- No aid…
## 03:50:28
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle  100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
## 11:33:50
RT @markknoller: Pres denounces attacks on police officers. “An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans," says @POTUS. And…
## 11:36:23
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone convers…
## 14:12:47
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
## 11:50:01
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Schiff’s not a magician. Taylor’s 2nd, 3rd &amp; 4th hand claims don’t become 1st hand just bc this slippery fella says so. A…
## 13:29:44
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
## 11:54:13
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: A vote now is a bit like un-Ringing a bell as House Democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage P…
## 12:19:23
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
## 11:44:36
Correct, a total scam! https://t.co/klpmeAwm03
## 12:25:01
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
## 13:09:14
Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
## 11:54:48
RT @RepDLesko: A live look at House Democrats trying to impeach President @realDonaldTrump. First Russia, then obstruction, now Ukraine. De…
## 11:48:07
A great book by a great guy. Get it now! https://t.co/hwFtbpbIO0
## 11:53:58
RT @SteveScalise: Pelosi let Schiff hold secret hearings and leak misleading info to attack @realDonaldTrump for weeks. 

Now she wants a v…
## 11:43:40
RT @Jim_Jordan: Pelosi announces they’ll finally vote to open the impeachment inquiry.

Codifying a sham process halfway through doesn’t ma…
## 03:38:48
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker &amp; corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp; me!
## 11:56:27
RT @RepMarkMeadows: House Democrats now suddenly saying they'll vote on an impeachment resolution to “ensure transparency” is rich—consider…
## 11:55:48
RT @RepDLamborn: Schiff-style impeachment: Dems hide testimony behind secure doors &amp; leak info vital to their false narrative, driving the…
## 11:35:45
RT @IngrahamAngle: The Swamp boos Trump, while Middle America Cheers #IngrahamAngle ⁦@FoxNews⁩

https://t.co/r9tZoxRUYa
## 12:47:53
RT @IngrahamAngle: When the Left loses power, their answer is always to limit speech.  Never works. https://t.co/RLVWZIC41d
## 11:45:03
RT @MZHemingway: "The Plot Against the President: The True Story of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal in…
## 03:58:04
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!
## 11:52:34
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: I’m happy that House Democrats finally decided to hold a vote to open up a formal impeachment inquisition of @POTUS @re…
## 13:20:20
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
## 12:47:27
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?
## 15:13:58
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
## 11:56:48
RT @CongressmanHice: The ship has already sailed on having a fair and transparent process. @RepAdamSchiff poisoned the well on day one.

Th…
## 11:42:57
RT @GOPoversight: Dems plan to cut even more House members out of their ridiculous, unfair, and biased impeachment process.

Only Schiff's…
## 11:34:31
RT @newtgingrich: The idea that politicians need to be briefed on a military operation while young men &amp;women are risking their lives is ri…
## 11:50:03
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Pelosi now says there will be a vote Thu to authorize their impeachment inquiry. This should include minority subpoena ri…
## 13:34:15
A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
## 12:49:28
RT @IngrahamAngle: On Inauguration Day 2017, Team Trump has zero idea how many career staff working inside the Admin—WH, State, IC, other a…
