## 10:40:30
RT @SteveScalise: Radicals &amp; socialists have taken over the Democrat Party. They're calling all the shots now.

Just last week, they pressu…
## 13:19:24
....the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
## 10:59:41
RT @kayleighmcenany: .@TeamTrump is coming to Dallas, TX for a @realDonaldTrump rally on 10/17!

“Under President Trump’s leadership, 774,4…
## 22:15:28
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP
## 11:09:57
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!
## 13:19:23
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp; Schiff), why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp; learn everything about....
## 10:33:47
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, &amp; getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp; Inauguration!
## 15:00:28
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
## 02:57:18
RT @IngrahamAngle: The president has maximum positive impact on the country (and his approval numbers) when he focuses on advancing his pea…
## 14:13:07
RT @JesseBWatters: Biden’s caught lying about Ukraine...hiding who was on board with Hunter. #TheFive https://t.co/nsb2Vmmfe1
## 10:45:21
Great job, just in time! https://t.co/KMUXtO8IYz
## 14:34:45
As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
## 10:58:01
RT @WhiteHouse: When President @realDonaldTrump was elected, his pro-growth, pro-worker agenda was set to change the economic landscape for…
## 10:58:16
RT @GOPChairwoman: The American people want Washington to work for them.

That’s what @realDonaldTrump has done since he was elected.

All…
## 10:07:58
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies…
## 23:41:33
....People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
## 11:05:17
https://t.co/dOta1Z9gtZ
## 14:13:48
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. Yo…
## 14:12:51
RT @CLewandowski_: Joining @IngrahamAngle tonight on @FoxNews during the 10:00 PM hour.  Promises to be a lively show.  Watch!
## 01:18:42
Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you! https://t.co/syyaLR0sNq
## 14:13:27
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! https://t.co/zqbTTlbGmp
## 09:56:46
RT @realDonaldTrump: Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San…
## 10:21:09
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! https://t.co/JIiOE2a2JF
## 10:57:06
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/reEftrXJGp this is why the democrats are ramping up.  They know this is coming.  This is the biggest scand…
## 04:27:57
RT @MariaBartiromo: House Democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the USMCA trade deal, write @senatemajldr and…
## 10:54:26
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
## 10:07:35
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Aus…
