## 00:34:01
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
## 10:19:31
“The Democrats are trashing this President, &amp; in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
## 17:26:24
America First!
## 18:56:20
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....
## 18:59:04
Great new book, "Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!
## 19:10:50
After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria....
## 16:17:54
https://t.co/Q6NhPEz2Qv
## 17:25:26
RT @MariaBartiromo: 5G networks could be active in 2 to 3 years: Cisco CEO https://t.co/9lQf2uwwwo @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
## 12:13:20
https://t.co/cvCBBovvFP
## 19:10:51
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
## 19:55:09
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria https://t.co/ZCQC7nzmME
## 16:18:59
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
## 22:19:27
"It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment, as I have been saying, a silent COUP effort." @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/sA9EgI2yBL
## 19:06:17
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
## 00:10:14
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp; good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
## 19:16:43
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
## 12:06:24
Happy Columbus Day!
## 01:05:53
RT @realDonaldTrump: .....BY THE WAY, DON’T CALL ME AGAIN, I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder, that wasn’t just s…
## 22:34:04
"The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States..." @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/EkXsaR9GPh
## 14:00:19
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt
## 22:16:24
"The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives..." @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/SZhfmhzec2
## 01:05:57
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of hi…
## 10:54:24
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!
## 10:39:09
....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
## 12:33:39
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
## 11:14:09
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
## 11:40:42
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
## 12:26:13
https://t.co/09bac03RX6
## 12:13:44
https://t.co/kDd9fzjPAh
## 18:56:21
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
