## 11:12:21
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
## 12:39:55
Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp; NO C OR O!
## 11:32:40
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!
## 17:34:33
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
## 12:47:07
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp; stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
## 19:03:05
RT @WhiteHouse: “Under my Administration, we will never surrender American sovereignty to anyone. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats t…
## 19:03:10
RT @WhiteHouse: "With God as our witness, we swear today that we will defend our rights, we will safeguard our freedoms, we will uphold our…
## 00:59:14
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
## 14:25:28
Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 18:31:47
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!
## 19:13:29
“U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1, Smashing Expectations” https://t.co/HltPdlkOD0
## 22:57:34
THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM https://t.co/SWkpe1eFhT
