## 14:48:02
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! https://t.co/SX8RVAALYW
## 19:17:19
Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! https://t.co/OfFI6aKSOb
## 02:22:07
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
## 02:05:47
RT @IWV: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump has "delivered on his promises...He has a background in delivering economically. He's promised to do cert…
## 02:00:46
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Trump Job Approval Jumps to 53% - Seven Points Higher Than Obama https://t.co/cv40yIrU2M
## 01:22:19
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
## 03:02:43
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President @TomFitton discussed the Trump coup in his Weekly Update: It was all based on this fraudulent d…
## 02:59:40
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions rel…
## 01:01:51
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, &amp; that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
## 21:37:40
Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! https://t.co/oun56uzi53
## 21:41:06
THANK YOU Texas, I love you! https://t.co/24D4K9ILFd
## 19:45:55
So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony &amp; Treasonous Hoax!
