## 12:13:44
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions related to the Clin…
## 12:11:29
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments bet…
## 23:28:23
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
## 12:15:19
RT @JudicialWatch: On "Hannity", @seanhannity discussed some key findings from Judicial Watch in regards to the Clinton cover-up: "We are f…
## 01:07:04
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying https://t.co/06OZcBE08b via @BreitbartNews
## 12:16:50
RT @DanScavino: Nadler (2019) vs. Nadler (1998) https://t.co/IVg7RW3f0F
## 12:54:47
No Collusion - No Obstruction! https://t.co/diggF8V3hl
## 23:46:58
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews
## 21:31:51
“Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
## 12:11:50
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton discusses Clinton’s memo: "She signed a memo saying ‘due to recent targeting of personal email a…
## 12:07:08
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
## 12:31:03
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN
## 12:12:50
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton appeared on “Fox and Friends First” to discuss AG Bill Barr’s testimony and Spygate: They know i…
## 12:15:00
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary…
## 13:57:33
https://t.co/222atp7wuB
## 20:37:57
Today, I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....https://t.co/q6D5875xCw
## 16:59:04
As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! https://t.co/BnMB5mvHAM
## 11:54:39
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
