## 22:00:23
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA
## 17:05:36
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country! https://t.co/xvwO9fcu42 https://t.co/y96Y9MBpaz
## 23:46:06
Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!
## 16:30:13
RT @FLOTUS: #TakeBackDay is a reminder to dispose of your unused prescription drugs responsibly! Find your nearest collection center at htt…
## 16:23:37
RT @WhiteHouse: Today is National Drug Take Back Day! Find a collection site near you and join the fight against opioid abuse. https://t.co…
## 21:41:05
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
## 22:47:01
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
## 22:14:25
Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! https://t.co/ZvyxJ8sIw2
## 12:06:03
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
