## 23:26:32
WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart https://t.co/YuC9IX01GF via @BreitbartNews
## 13:06:42
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!
## 00:32:40
RT @DailyCaller: Every CNN Presidential Town Hall Finished Behind MSNBC And Fox News In Ratings https://t.co/muDZgLT4u7
## 14:19:36
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!
## 13:37:30
President Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
## 00:46:56
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
## 00:44:16
RT @chuckwoolery: President Trump continues to tally up wins for our country as Americans just saw the best income gains in over 50 years.…
## 16:38:02
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
## 00:24:09
RT @DailyCaller: Rod Rosenstein Defends Attorney General’s Handling Of Mueller Report https://t.co/qMmzaPYrK4
## 13:46:27
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report, so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!
## 21:35:31
WE WILL NEVER FORGET! https://t.co/VxrGFRFeJM
## 22:38:45
RT @trish_regan: .@CLewandowski_ says he is POSITIVE orders to spy on the #Trump campaign during 2016 came from the HIGHEST levels – perhap…
