## 19:10:20
Just arrived in Calexico, California! https://t.co/lTChNxsHj6
## 13:04:12
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
## 23:09:51
RT @VP: The struggle in Venezuela is between dictatorship and democracy, and freedom has the momentum. Nicolas Maduro is a dictator with no…
## 16:03:47
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! https://t.co/3tukVpJpzN
## 16:43:48
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
## 13:22:13
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
## 13:11:36
....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......
## 17:41:29
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
## 23:06:42
Congratulations David, a very big deal! https://t.co/ymtI2ueAgA
## 23:08:20
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now: 
President @realDonaldTrump at the Southern Border with the great men and women who protect our country 24/7…
## 16:58:29
“America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000” https://t.co/TQ2LecXgfi
## 20:33:09
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! https://t.co/hLV86lWTtA
## 13:19:46
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
## 23:10:09
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to all of the brave men and women of CBP who protect our country each and every day. https://t.co/jpW7B5NK6p
## 17:48:18
Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction &amp; keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
## 11:58:46
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs
## 22:16:20
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
## 23:05:14
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans will write our own economic destiny. Never believe the pessimists: Pro-growth, pro-worker policies work.

America…
## 16:44:58
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
## 00:19:56
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
