## 00:01:02
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities &amp; towns?
## 17:57:15
Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!
## 14:04:00
If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!
## 01:47:25
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management &amp; high taxes!
## 18:36:00
Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!
## 19:10:18
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! https://t.co/41MtJtYEjq
## 18:27:57
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
## 01:38:33
RT @WhiteHouse: No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism…
## 00:08:37
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
