## 23:36:06
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp; massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....
## 13:55:40
RT @WhiteHouse: Simply put: Walls work, and walls save lives. https://t.co/OyLatl4oyN
## 13:47:26
RT @WhiteHouse: "There is indeed an emergency on our southern border. It's been loud and clear." https://t.co/TJMJ5bhdDO
## 14:31:09
.....years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, “Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
## 15:51:03
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon! https://t.co/RvNBLMC2nI
## 20:03:52
To every member of the @RJC, thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC https://t.co/P1brsp3PxF
## 20:19:23
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
## 13:24:51
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.” @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!
## 23:36:56
....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
## 13:41:23
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends
## 20:48:40
“Give Up, Trump-Haters”
https://t.co/4wg4BUk9gP https://t.co/0Bt2jyorMn
## 23:33:02
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic &amp; commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
## 01:25:17
THANK YOU @DHSgov, @CBP, and @ICEgov! https://t.co/BzNwKoUJlg
## 15:24:23
RT @ABC: NEW: Pres. Trump says he will hold a rally at an undetermined location rather than attend the White House Correspondents' Dinner,…
## 14:22:26
I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....
## 13:57:36
Thank you to two great people! https://t.co/9VoIV44L9c
## 13:51:06
RT @marc_lotter: Let me answer that question for you @MSNBC - NO!!! https://t.co/0QYxwKjGJ1
## 13:45:12
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: It’s a star-studded FOX episode of @WattersWorld with @seanhannity , @LouDobbs , and @marklevinshow ! What wil…
## 15:57:08
.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?
## 15:52:54
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
