## 11:47:12
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didn’t need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,....
## 13:48:02
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden literally can’t hide from the economic successes of @realDonaldTrump’s administration. 
 
Biden chose Pennsylv…
## 14:35:11
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
## 18:11:16
Thank you! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/EWjwRlmIve
## 13:35:56
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: I’m grateful for my colleagues who accompanied me to the border to view the crisis w/ their own eyes. It’s one thing to…
## 13:30:14
RT @Jim_Jordan: It’s time to figure out what the Comey Cabal did at the start of the fake “Russia collusion” investigation.

Comey, Andy Mc…
## 11:57:24
....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
## 13:31:11
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder: Democrats demanding an unredacted Mueller report (exposing even classified info) spent a year attacking mysel…
## 14:01:57
RT @GOPChairwoman: If Joe Biden wants to keep score:

In 8 years, Biden &amp; Obama had a net loss of 193,000 manufacturing jobs.

In just over…
## 13:35:36
RT @RepMattGaetz: Volume 1 of the Mueller Report is based on evidence, while Volume 2 seems to rely heavily on the reporting of news outlet…
## 12:09:42
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!
## 17:17:56
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS traveled to Atlanta, Georgia, yesterday for the Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit, con…
## 13:31:38
RT @dcexaminer: "The collusion delusion fell flat." 

@RepMarkMeadows suggests Democrats are too blinded by hatred of @realDonaldTrump to l…
## 13:47:45
RT @GOP: Do you want to go back to a bad economy, failed foreign policy, and more broken promises? https://t.co/TibOT2Bi5l
## 18:09:25
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! https://t.co/ljy3hZOgfL
## 13:32:26
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We knew they wouldn’t give up.

The collusion delusion fell flat, and now reports say House Democrats are preparing to…
## 13:29:00
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats are obsessed with @realDonaldTrump. It's time to move on and solve problems for the American people. https://t.…
## 14:03:37
RT @RepMattGaetz: "The man who killed my son never did a day in prison. Not one day."

On January 22nd, 2015, Grant Ronnebeck was shot and…
## 13:27:59
RT @Jim_Jordan: Peter Strzok told us that he would “love to answer each and every one of [our] questions" once the Mueller investigation co…
## 16:32:44
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow! https://t.co/3soeEjsMA3
## 12:22:18
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp; demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!
