## 14:23:37
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp; criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
## 01:44:34
https://t.co/xiMQFztJlV
## 13:55:27
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!
## 11:04:01
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
## 04:01:18
RT @ByronYork: Lotta stuff in the report. From @SecretsBedard: Kushner cleared of seeking Russian money to pay real estate debt. https://t.…
## 11:20:25
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
## 22:35:16
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 11:40:29
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!
## 12:37:43
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
## 03:10:43
RT @seanhannity: Prior Reporting Confirmed That Some FBI Agents Were FED UP With Comey https://t.co/xKVZMVnOQI
## 01:53:02
Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino! https://t.co/aGH4GBzhqh
## 12:51:49
Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
