## 12:15:19
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our…
## 13:41:23
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidy
## 12:14:45
RT @realDonaldTrump: Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign bega…
## 12:13:29
Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
## 13:03:28
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!
## 14:43:14
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
## 12:07:45
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and others
have gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!
## 16:47:16
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
