## 10:08:03
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp;  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp; beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
## 10:18:42
The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
## 10:44:33
Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...
## 11:47:36
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
## 03:06:12
RT @realDonaldTrump: PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! https://t.co/G3f6QBNSMa
## 11:04:37
“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!
## 20:54:56
Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform, and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! https://t.co/QnZi579eFb
## 10:54:34
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
## 17:34:42
Great golf champion &amp; friend, Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, &amp; Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
## 10:14:24
I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
## 18:08:55
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin this Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA https://t.co/BPYK8PF0O8
## 15:47:42
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! https://t.co/d6Tgrn4Tzn
## 10:27:06
In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!
## 11:26:40
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBartiromo  So true, but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....
## 09:59:49
Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!
## 11:32:19
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!
## 11:46:34
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
## 03:05:21
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA https://t.co/kff84hFgKP
## 22:43:34
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
