## 03:33:05
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!
## 23:38:27
....When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!
## 23:51:55
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp; Corrupt News!
## 02:35:03
Thank you Jeh, so well stated! https://t.co/4QmP6XrUVA
## 23:30:41
The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist, a fraud. They will lie &amp; cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
## 12:04:18
....extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
## 02:59:36
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! https://t.co/Pf60zBy6Sw
## 11:54:45
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
## 02:45:25
RT @dbongino: With the exception of FISA warrants, the use of human intelligence assets, the use of national security letters, &amp; the unprec…
## 22:37:52
Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
## 02:42:07
Finally, great news at the Border! https://t.co/nofzYa2Qs7
## 02:51:24
RT @politicalelle: How is this woman walking the halls of Congress. How. https://t.co/CrtK7j3wpZ
## 02:30:47
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
## 12:21:05
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
## 03:51:00
In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
