## 12:06:29
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dem talk:
-Abolish ICE
-Borderless hemisphere
-Walls are immoral
-Illegals should vote
-Raise taxes

@POTUS action:
-Regs r…
## 12:09:19
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems want President’s tax returns for purely political purposes!

Frightening, but shouldn’t surprise us—same folks used th…
## 00:45:32
More apprehensions (captures)
at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp; Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
## 11:44:16
“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich
## 11:39:34
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!
## 12:22:03
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
## 23:57:29
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women’s Basketball National Champions! https://t.co/cogqxFgnRn
## 16:48:48
The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that’s the way life goes!
## 12:09:45
RT @cspan: Rep. @Jim_Jordan on President Trump's tax returns: "There's no law that says they have to be public."

Watch full #Newsmakers in…
## 01:03:25
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
